1 I started reading this book during a three-week road trip and quickly got sucked into the story.  Deborah Rodriguez certainly is quite the story teller!  Her description of her flight from Kabul, her struggles with trying to adapt back to the American life, her despair with her current boy friend at the time (who offered her sanctuary in his hilltop California home) and how she landed in Mexico and got a cat for therapy, all make sense through her story-telling talent.  At times the plot seems incredible, but in the end she finds herself a part of an ex-pat community in Mazatlan, Mexico, where even her son settles down and creates a new family.  Rodriguez enjoys her work, enjoys her ability to give back to people, and, more importantly, always seems upbeat about any outcome.  In many ways this could be a self-help book for distraught women.  My only thought was how did she manage to come up with all the money all the time?  Were the sales of her previous book that big that she could afford this lifestyle?  Regardless, this is a good read and it's not just good for women.
2 This cable is well-made and feels sturdier than the proprietary cable that came with my iPad and my more recent iPhone4S. The connections seem stronger than the ones in the original cable and are at least six inches longer.  The best thing I like is the blue color, which makes this cable immediately identifiable as the cable needed for the iPad/iPhone.  The blue is a pretty hue, too. My cables are all plugged into one multi-outlet, which is why I chose a different color.  Charging time seems to be about the same, so I can't claim this is faster than the Apple brand.  The strength is in the built.
3 This kibble is expensive, but the cats like it, get full, and don't need as much of it to remain full.  That's because the protein percentage is at 42%, the highest I have seen in cat food, with fat min at 15%.  There are no fillers in this stuff, but lots of added vitamins and minerals.  The cats like the chicken and egg (and pea) combination.  The kibble is rather large for cat kibble, but the cats seem to be able to break it apart easily.  None of my cats get sick off of it: no diarrhea and no vomitting.
4 This device is exactly what we needed for our bedside table, as we like to charge our cell phones at night and this device is meant for low-wattage items only.  This surge protector is the width of our headboard to the bed.  My reading light is a small USB-powered light that now is plugged into this thing, along with my cellphone and tablet.  No more unplugging other devices at night!  With all the small electronics that we now have that require USB plug-ins, this is ideal for us. One surge protector now frees up other outlets for powerful things like our air filter, fan, radio and TV. A small blue light indicates that it is plugged in.  The one flaw I see is that the AC outlets may be too close together to all be used properly, but  that would mean a heavier, larger device.  This is just perfect for the bedside.  Right now we have all USB ports used for various devices and three AC ports.  The three-prong outlet cord is five feet long.  This device is lightweight, but solidly built.  Made in China.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest, unbiased review.
5 These beef hides are quite the treat.  I like giving these to my dogs as they emit no odor, no oils, no smell and don't require special handling or storage. The bag is resealable but these never last long in our house with five dogs.  My big dogs take to these and then bite down on these as if they were bones.  The hides even sound like bone as the dogs gnaw, chew and slobber on these.  These do soften fast and then the dogs tear these apart and eat them.  The slobbery pieces don't linger long enough to stain floors or bedding, and the dogs don't get sick off of these.  While all the twisted hides are five inches long, there is some variance in thickness in each piece.
6 This is a surprisingly good first novel.  While the voice sounds like that of a high school girl, the protagonist, Riley Ellison, is a 24-year-old librarian who was asked to write the obituary of an old middle school friend who committed suicide, Jordan James.  This task opens up a lot of questions as Riley researches why Jordan would take her own life.  To help her out is her aging libraruan boss Dr H, a click.com friend who teaches criminology, an ex boyfriend and a few town gossipers.  What makes this story work are the varied characters the reader gets introduced to.  The dialogue rolls, too. Jill Orr writes with light humor that makes one chuckle at times.  While the ending is a big of a disappointment, there seems to be enough here for a sequel, which I would gladly read.
7 This black collar is easy to place around a small dog's head.  So far it has also stayed on, and doesn't seem to bother my dog.  It doesn't irritate the skin. I haven't seen much improvement, however, as my troubled dog still is easily frightened of thunder and easily excitable when other dogs bark.
8 This filter is the exact shape and size as the original filter in a  PowerGlide Lift-Off Series vacuum.  The package opens easily and fits perfectly inside the filter slot of the vacuum and is easily replaced. The aroma is quite pleasant.  I find that this brand keeps the sneezing down for me, as dust around here tends to be very allergenic.  This is more important to me than any air freshner.  I can easily remove this filter, shake it out and replace easily.  This filter can trap both large pieces of dog fur to small dust particles.
9 This short book starts out dry, but in the end this helps writers wanting to hone in on their craft to think more about how they construct sentences.  Author Orin Hargraves notes that many of the cliches are used by journalists, the military, and even business writers.  Hargraves then seeks out the most common cliches and categorizes them as to how often the cliches are misused, or used ineffectively.  In some cases he even provides shorter and better phrases to convey the same meaning.  He differentiates cliches from idioms that do have a purpose and are used effectively.  He also mentions proverbs, which are full sentences, and which do convey a meaning.  While Hargraves lists the 400 most common cliches in the English language, he doesn't want them all to die off.  Instead, he simply wants good writers to be aware of them.  Cliches will never go away.  Then he divides the chapters by the type of cliche:  cliches that name things (the elephant in the room), adjectival and quantifying cliches (overcome with emotion, a whole range), adverbial cliches (at certain points), predicate cliches (cut both ways), framing devices, (but hey) modifier fatigue (entirely likely), and cliches in tandem (as the saying goes).  He then numbers them from one to five, with five being the most over-used and abused cliches.  Reading this book makes me realize how my own writing is filled with cliches.  Overusing them shows lack of creativity in the writing style, and that is what Hargraves wants to hone in on.  Reading this short book makes one realize the flaws of one's own writing style, and makes one think of better, more effective ways of communicating.  That is the purpose of this little book.
10 UPDATE July 22, 2016:  These lights have been outside lighting a small shrub and are still working nicely nine months later.  Now that's durability for the price! __________  These solar lights are lights for the future, as they pack small, are lightweight, don't require electrical cords that must be plugged in, and come on and turn off by themselves.  Just place the small solar panel, which measures around 3x3 inches, in a spot that gets good light.  A small 6" stake and an adjustable mount are included in this set. These work both inside and outside the home. Even artificial light will energize the battery.  The solar panel is waterproof.  The mode and on/off buttons are on the bottom of the panel and must be manually pressed.  There are several modes to chose from:  the constant light, the alternating light, the flashing light, the wave light, the fading light.  The small LED lights are smaller than eraser heads and are encased in a waterproof clear acrylic cover.  Each light is double-wired and each light is around four inches from another light.  This pretty blue light set is long enough to wrap around a small shrub nicely.  The light isn't bright, but rather a calming blue.  Stake the solar panel at an ideal spot in the ground as there is at least three feet of wire before the lights begin, which is ideal for outdoor shrubs.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
11 MacDonnell Ulsch does a very good job giving examples of some of the more disastrous cyber breaches in our recent history.  He also lists the many things American corporations need to do better in the future to prevent more breaches in the future.  What he doesn't do too well is describe the "how" part.  This book is directed toward managers and executives and is therefore not very technical.  This is still a very worthwhile book to take in.  Ulsch is upfront about the many dangers ahead of us.  Our transnational organized criminal gangs have better security on their systems than our American corporations do.  Why is that?  Ulsch blames the focus on saving money as the primary reason.  With a world that now shops online, communicates via email or social media and chat rooms and banks online, we need to be more vigilant and be more willing to pay for heightened security with our personal data and privacy.  Ulsch admits that China and Russia are committing cyber attacks against the US and other countries every day, even though China will deny all that.  China and Russia are also committing cyber attacks against Europe and their neighbors.  China, Russia and North Korea are what he calls the "axis of cyber evil" and terrorist gangs are no better.  The internet is full of websites designed to recruit and inspire fledging terrorists, just like they are doing recently with ISIS in Syria.  Reading this book is scary. as Ulsch is convinced the worst is yet to come and we as a nation are not prepared for a cyberwar with our adversaries.  Business leaders should therefore be more vigilant and practice better online security, better monitoring, better employee vetting.  The threat is real and we all need to be ready.
12 This pretty bag was gifted to me.  This is a very well-made camera backpack designed for multiple-day trips.  Engineers, archeologists, scientists, etc who are outdoors studying and carry camera or laptop with them would benefit from this bag.  The exterior frame makes this comfortable to carry for the average person (I am 5'7")  It comes with a rain cover and extra padding.  A 17" laptop fits easily in the back along the external frame.  The camera section is big enough to carry two camera bodies and several lenses with accessories.  This part is well-thought out, as the many zippers keep the expensive gear protected should a flap or two remain unzipped.  There are multiple side pockets for other gear, and the top pocket is for personal gear like extra clothes or food.  There are also smaller mesh pockets for much smaller stuff, like lens filters and data cards.  This is the kind of bag experienced photographers would need.  While no one needs to bring all the gear to the field, when one does, it needs to be protected from the elements.  I also like how the exterior looks like a plain backpack and not some camera bag promoting Canon or Nikon.  The quoted price is a bit steep.  But you get what you pay for.  There are less expensive bags out there that do as well as a job, but this bag is made to last.
13 The concept of profiling apartment dwellers of a mow-middle class tenement in book form is not new.  Private, intimate and revealing things are discovered behind closed doors.  This novel is Jose Saramago's "lost" novel from the 1950s, and I have nothing to compare it to.  This is a story about very different people who do not relate to each other much, but who all have painful, complex relationships with their roommates.  There is an older couple who take in a younger man to help pay the rent.  There are two sisters who live with two younger women (daughters of one of the older women).  There is a mistress and, the most painful of them all, a couple who resent one another since their daughter died.  The novel is heavy on dialogue (which I can see being made into a script for a movie or a play).  All the apartment dwellers have something to hide, or express regret for decisions not made in their earlier lives, and all seem to carry a kind of resentment or fatalism toward their partners or even themselves as if they have no recourse over their current situation.  The stories have no resolute endings, which is perhaps the one flaw in this story:  we see these people struggling and we are to believe there is no solution?
14 These essays represent the racial topics over the last 50 years and covers all the topics that have made headlines:  voter registration, segregation, housing, prison sentences, the KKK.  He interviews both black and white people and asks them about their feelings about race in this country.  The answers are quite provoking, especially some of the comments made by white people who were either members of the KKK or supportive of the group.  It's like not much has changed afterall.  The writing is clear and concise and very thorough.  Calvin Trillin writes objectively on this topic and lets the reader decide for themselves the best solution.  These essays make great discussion topics on race.
15 Twix, Snickers, 3 Musketeers and M&Ms all in the same box provides for a nice variety.  I like Snickers and Twix, my husband likes the M&Ms and no one fights over who gets what.  The contents are fresh and well packaged.  This variety box works for packing school lunches or office treats.  The cardboard box the chocolates come in make storage easier, too.
16 This is a well-written historical thriller.  What starts out as a coming-of-age sixth grader who wants nothing more than to be normal, turns into a tense war drama of nuclear scientists' families living at Los Alamos and completely under US Army control.  Where wives were expected to help out with the war effort and every move, every word spoken outside "The Hill" was recorded.  Hazel is a little genius herself, a sixth grader who should be in eighth grade because she is so intelligent.  She is a girl that notices everything and seems to know that some of her spying around Los Alamos could get her entire family in trouble.  Other reviewers have noted that this story is very accurate.  I can not attest to that.  But Hazel has met Oppenheimer and other global physicists working on the "gadget" on "The Hill."  Hazel remembers the fire bombing of Hamburg, Germany, the blitz over London, and our allied air raids over Germany.  Hazel's mom is the pacifist who supports her husband but who is against the war effort, and she is always there telling her daughter that the goal is to end the war, and not to kill German babies.  There are a lot of such messages all throughout this book, as the story encompasses not only the history of the war, but also the story of the families involved on "The Hill."  Everyone had to sacrifice something.  Author Jacqueline Davies writes this story from Hazel's point of view.  This makes the reading appropriate for middle school children and young adults.  It's a fast read and should appeal to a wide range of ages and interests.
17 My dogs love these soft, sticky strips but I'm not crazy about the additives.  These are made with chicken, duck, ground rice, vegetable glycerin, sugar, distilled vinegar, salt, natural smoke flavor, natural flavors, and are colored with paprika.  The glycerin gives these strips that shiny, sticky texture that does not resemble true jerky at all.  Guaranted analysis shows 20% min for crude protein, 15% min for crude fat, 1% max crude fiber and 25% max moisture.  These are easy to break into smaller strips and the bag is resealable.  But why the sugar and added flavors and color?  Even though paprika is a natural flavor, why is it necessary?  For the price I can buy more natural jerky.  The only good thing I can say is that these are made in the USA by Tyson products, and the glycerin prevents these strips from breaking off and leaving sharp fibers on the floor.
18 After finishing off a box of these over Labor Day weekend on the road, my husband and I agree that these are tasty snacks.  I will buy these again.  I'd categorize these as soft and crumbly after the first bite.  It's predominantly an oatmeal-chocolate-coconut taste although I will admit I thought the chocolate felt more like raisins the first time.  These are not so heavily sweet, either as many standard granola bars are. Best of all, there's no chalky aftertaste.  Each bar has 180 calories, a nice pick-me-up after my morning cappuccino.
19 I have a 40mm Skagen hybrid smartwatch I bought this for.  This fits much better than the 40mm screen I originally got.  That one came right to the rim and never stuck well.  This one does and it's on tight.  While this screen does add a shine, I'm happy that my watch is now protected from common scratches.  The screen is easy to apply.  Make sure the surface is dry and dust-free, then use the straightedge to remove any bubbles.
20 This book covers how to obtain US citizenship from start to finish.  People who already have a Green Card and who are serious about becoming citizens will find the information in this book invaluable.  The book mentions early on who is not eligible for US citizenship.  Committing domestic violence or child abuse makes one ineligible, as well as being a member of the Nazi party.  This book is written to guide a Green Card holder through the long application process, so this book is good to have and read thoroughly by chapter. There are ten basic steps to follow and this book guides the applicant through it.  Applicants will learn basic immigration law, how to prepare for the interview, how to learn basic English, and how to study for the citizenship test.  There are sample applications to be familiar with and certain verbiage that the applicant must know, and the applicant must have all required paperwork correctly filled out.  There is also valuable information for those with disabilities.  Filing fees for the N-400 Naturalization Application is now tiered, with most applicants paying $680 ($595 + $85 biometric fee)  Applicants over 75 years of age do not pay a biometric fee, and those in the US military need not pay that fee at all.  This book references the official website, uscis.gov, quite often.  Forms can be downloaded from that site.
21 I like this soap more than my husband does.  He thinks it smells too "girly."  I think it smells like citrus, and it does create a nice lather and feels good on the skin.  Once the skin's dry you don't even smell it on your skin anyway.  My only shock is the price.  Seriously, fourteen bucks for a 5-ounce bar of soap?  Thus I knocked off a star.
22 My dogs so far have enjoyed every taste variety from DVP's Natural Balance.  The kibble is dime size and is very dense.  The dogs don't manage to crumble this stuff up while eating it.  The ingredients are good ones.  Since my dogs never eat just one brand or flavor and get a lot of variety, they don't have bad reactions to this brand at all.  Their stool is solid.  They don't vomit.  Their breath is fine. While this may be expensive food to feed every day, this is a brand I will purchase during sales
23 These bunnies are my favorite cracker snack.  They taste like Goldfish but are less salty and not quite so cheesy in flavor, nor do they crumble as easily into orange crumbs.  All ingredients seem to be organic, even the annatto extract used for natural color.  However, this product is made on equipment that also processes egg and soy products.  A serving is 50 crackers (30g) and yields 150 calories, of which 60 are from fat.  Total fat is 11%; saturated fat is 5%.  Sodium yiels 250mg or 10% and total carbohydrate is 19g or 6%.  This is made in the USA.
24 My finicky GSD will eat the chicken and rice formula, but will not touch the salmon.  So it does depend on the flavors if your dogs eat this or not.  I bought a bag of Wellness Small Breed Healthy Weight Recipe for my dogs last week.  My dogs normally love small kibble because they feel they are eating the banned cat kibble I have to hide from them. But for some reason they didn't eat this up like they normally do.  I placed the salmon kibble in the middle of another brand they are eating by making an indentation in their food bucket.  (My dogs are grazers.) They ate around the kibble and instead preferred the Natural Recipe Lamb and Rice recipe for large breeds that was surrounding the Wellness kibble.  I looked at the ingredients and I think I found the culprit:  salmon meal!  It's listed as the third ingredient after deboned turkey and chicken meal. A previous sample from Amazon that contained salmon also did not pass muster with my dogs.  I will stick to the Wellness Chicken Recipe for my dogs.  That recipe contains no salmon meal.
25 I actually prefer to use these to catch roaches and insects rather than mice because I find using these for mice rather inhumane.  Once a mouse is stuck to this gel, it's very hard to remove the rodent. Any other rodent will then avoid the area and find detours. These traps work great for insects, like flies.  The black background makes the flies harder to see.  Just toss in the trash when full  There is a strong herbal scent to these when first opened.
26 This is quite an assortment of stories and I can see why Joy Williams is an award-winning author.  She writes stories about complicated people in tense situations.  The end is often not predictable.  Since Williams lives in Tucson, a lot of the background is the hot, deadly desert.  Weird stuff happens in the desert and it often ends in death. or something darn close to it.  Even the animals suffer.  There is definitely a dark theme throughout these stories. Abandonment and death are common themes.  The stories range from around eight pages to just over 20.  They are very dialogue-driven.  Two-thirds of these stories have already been published, whereas the last third are new stories.  It's these new stories like"Brass" or "Cats and Dogs" that show humans at their worst.  In fact, most of the characters are not likable. The dialogue is raw and some of the scenes perhaps not recommended for sensitive hearts.  Many of the stories also have an unfinished feel to them and leave the reader pondering what really happened.  This is not a book one can finish in one sitting.  Concentrate on a few a day.
27 For the size of this small speaker, this really packs a punch.  Sound quality is impressive for such a small speaker. There is quite a bit of bass in this little thing  The walnut wood adds a nice aesthetic to it as well, with the company logo lased into the wood.  This comes with a small carrying pouch and a charging cable with two audio connector cables.  I had trouble at first pairing this up with my phone, but it did eventually pair up.  Buttons are on the bottom of the base, by the rubber.  Gentle touches will do to get this going.  When the device is ready, a red light will flash.  A blue light will come on on top to show the user it's ready to play.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest review
28 This bin is the perfect size to have next to a busy office printer, a shredder, a mail room or anywhere where a lot of paper goes through.  It's tall and deep and can hold a lot of papers.  The plastic is thick and strong enough to hold a full load that can then be emptied into another dumpster for paper recyclables.  No visible weak seams on my sample!
29 I own the older and smaller version of this stun gun.  This is by far the best stun gun I now have.  The sound alone is intimidating to scare off feral dogs or people with evil intentions.  The black flip switch turns on the flashlight first.  With a second flip, the stunner is activated.  Press on the orange switch on the opposite side of the handle and the loud electric pulse is released.  If you make skin contact on another person, the longer you hold this on them, the more damage you may do, so be careful with using this.  This is not a toy.  A wrist strap keeps this securely in your hand.  One full charge will keep this gun working all month.  Check your state laws before buying this. Stun gun laws vary by state, but almost all of them allow them for defense purposes.  Only certain states prohibit these completely.
30 This case is just what I needed.  I bought an S5 when it was on sale over Black Friday for almost half the going price.  I needed something to protect my investment.  This case slips on effortlessly, allowing all ports easy access.  This adds very little width to the phone.  What I do like is the slip-proof grids on the side, making this easier to hold.  Camera, microphone and all buttons are easily accessible.  The case provides for clear access to the screen and front, providing a 2cm extension over the sides to prevent direct contact to the screen on a fall.  This, of course, does NOT prevent screen breakage, though.  The teal color is more subdued, though, being more of a light pastel than the vibrant teal shown here.  I was provided a free sample in exchange for a review.
31 This machine comes out of the box looking good, if you don't mind the plastic exterior.  There is some minor assembly required before starting this machine (filter, coffee basket) and a few dry runs to get the water filter going, but once that is set this is a splendid machine for those coffee drinkers who prefer a few cups at a time.  It's programmable and pours out a tasty cup of coffee on demand, so that your 20-ounce coffee mug can get filled up every morning before heading off to work.  This machine is not designed for carafes as there is no carafe holder for this machine.  You can use tall coffee mugs for a quick fill-up, or a smaller one as the collection tray is adjustable.  We use Melitta French roast, perhaps one of the best "budget gourmet" brands.  This is perhaps the finest grind acceptable for this machine, as directions state that this machine is not made for espresso grinds.  This machine is a few inches taller than a standard coffee machine, so be careful if counter space is limited.  4+ stars.  I'd give it 5 stars if it weren't for the plastic exterior.
32 Frances Pauley is an 11-year-old fifth grader going through the usual childhood angst.  She has an older sister Christina she is sure hates her.  She spends her after-school hours outside watching the crows and doing social experiments with them.  A new boy in class, James, becomes her competition when he proves himself to be as smart as she.  Despite doing well in school and having a good relationship with her mother, Frances, who calls herself Figgrotten, is an introverted girl with insecurity issues.  The plot starts out slow.  We learn of her love for crows, her jealousy toward her older sister, her panick when James joins her in the classroom discussions.  She's not quite understanding life around her until an important adult in her life dies.  Then things slowly make sense.  The story is about family, coming of age, and understanding the varied changes in our lives, both physically and emotionally.  Figgrotten realizes she is not ugly or unliked at all, but she goes through a lot of anguish before she realizes that.  This is a story for young girls.  Boys may be turned off, but the parts about crow behavior are quite interesting.
33 Fairy tales and comic books are great resources to practice a foreign language in the printed form.  "Los Tres Cabritos," a story about three brother goats needing to cross a bridge over the Rio Grande to get to Mexico but getting stopped by the Chuapacabra, a goat-eating monster, is a good practice read.  The Spanish is about at the second year level, and whatever words are unknown can be easily looked up.  This story is a delight for both native readers and for those learning the language.  The illustrations are also very nice.
34 UPDATE February 17, 2017:  These boots are still going strong.  The mesh is still intact.  The only wear and tear is along the toes where the rubber seal is coming undone, allowing water to seep through.  The soles are also slowly wearing down.  The tread, however, is still intact.  I've put over 500 miles on these now and expect another year out of these before I must replace them.  These boots have been a good investment. _________  I own several pair of Keen water sandals.  They are comfortable and provide a reinforced toe box protecting the toes while hiking on uneven terrain.  I bought this pair for its ankle protection and for the boots' overall lightness.  These don't weigh you down.  These boots come up and and just over the ankle, proving extra support as I have a left ankle that easily sprains.  The boot is well-designed, with the usual reinforced toe bed and padded ankle area to protect my feet against hits on rocks and tree stumps and uneven terrain.  The maroon band that goes around the shoe has reflective tape in it.  The boots are hard to put on for the first few days due to their high and narrow design, but they do keep out moisture and dry fast. The stiffness of new boots faded after 12 miles of wearing in the materials.  The material stretches where it needs to and  I don't get blisters.  The soles provide for good traction on wet rocks as well, which is a quality I like about Keen water sandals and hikers. The water resistant material does make the feet sweat after a long hike, but that is a compromise I am willing to make.
35 The shirt is a perfect medium, fitting comfortably around the upper arms, wrists and along the hips.  The shirt is long enough to be tucked in (as pictured).  The cotton/polyester blends provides for lighter material that doesn't wrinkle as easily as pure cotton does.  One thing I do like are the snap buttons.  These stay on without popping open, keeping the shirt snapped up.  This is especially important for big-busted women.  A C cup would have no issue with this shirt when sized appropriately.  I like the plaid design so much, I bought a red and a blue plaid shirt.
36 I am a woman and bought this razor when Amazon offered a $5 coupon for this, making this a irresistable purchase.  I am very happy as my legs feel smooth and last a few days this way.  The razor is easy to keep clean, too.  I can't think of a better way to shave.  Also, my husband has the older Fusion and the blades are interchangable; the older blades being a tad cheaper as well.  (They come in an orange package, not the blue package as the newer blades come.)  Keep the blades in a dry place and they will last longer.  I also bought the blades via Amazon's subscribe and save, 12 count and now my husband and I are never far away from a close shave.  We are both happy.  Check the hidden coupons for any personal hygiene deals.  Sometimes Amazon offers a steal.
37 I may be too harsh with giving this three stars, but that is because I simply could not get into reading quote after quote by ancient Greek and Roman "doctors" about how to treat or cure a variety of diseases, ailments and surgeries.  These  quotes often lack an easy transition, making the narrative dull. The ancient practices are interesting, however.  All I can say now is I'm glad I live in a world in which we have anesthesia and understand hygiene and microorganisms.  Sexual ailments, women and children, male and female anatomy get their own chapters.  That to me shows how Romans and Greek separated men from all others, and were often given different treatments.  Doctors were seen more as magicians rather than as trained scientists.  Combining magic and superstitions, along with the mythology of the time,  in with a variety of concoctions that often contained blood or feces is rather bewildering.  Some animals, like frogs or rabbits, were often sacrificed for human comfort.  Despite the lackluster readablity of this book. I must give JC McKeown credit for his research and taking the time to translate the quotes from ancient Greek or Latin.
38 My cats surprisingly liked this.  They had never had lobster before, but ate this dense pate as if it were prime chicken  Top ingredients are Trout, fish broth, vegetable broth, dried egg whites, salmon oil, lobster.  They didn't get sick off of this.  Even the feral cat we feed enjoys this.
39 These treats were surprisingly well-received by my dogs.  I smell the sweet apple; they must smell the meat.  These are what I would call semi-soft, as they do crumble when broken, but they break easily.  They make for an aromatic training treat when working on a dog.  These are a tad expensive, but the good ingredients do help, even if there is little meat in these.  Even though these are meant for small dogs, my big dogs can enjoy these, too.  These are the size of training treats.  These ingredients are, in order: Lamb Meal, Dried Ground Potatoes, Tapioca Flour, Glycerine, Lamb, Chicken Fat (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols and Citric Acid), Cane Molasses, Pea Fiber, Apples, Flaxseed, Chick Peas, Salt, Cinnamon, Guar Gum, Mixed Tocopherols added to preserve freshness, Rosemary Extract.  MADE IN CANADA
40 I like this bottle for several reasons.  It holds a lot of liquid, it's clear, it's easy to open and fill, it's easy to hold and it doesn't leak.  It's made from silicone and a rim of stainless steel.  Both top lid and bottom infuser are easily removed.  I like my lemon water and now I can have lemon in my water on the go.  While the lemon juice grows weaker with each refill, it still leaves a taste after three refills.  I drink a lot of water at work and this is easy to refill from a water fountain.  It's also easy to clean because the three parts come apart easily and there are no deep, narrow parts to get into with a specialized brush.  This is a tall bottle but it fits in my vehicle's cup holder without me getting in the way.  I just have to make sure the clear lid is snapped snugly in place to prevent any spillage.  Be aware that although it says 25 ounces, if you fill the infuser with fruit or whatever, that takes up volume and you get more like 16-18 ounces of water.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
41 Edit 21 May 2010:  The top of the screen is now showing black streaks.  These streaks all along the upper screen and are an inch long.  It's very obvious when there's a white background.  What is causing this? _____  We don't have cable or SatTV (yet).  Instead, this beautiful little TV is hooked up to our computer/entertainment system with additional speakers for surround sound. Set-up was minimal and easy.  (A long-handled Phillips screwdriver is a must!)  I couldn't be any happier.  Luckily the manual that comes with this detailed instructions on how to hook up this beauty to the PC.  However, on this 26" screen you only get a 22" viewing surface via the PC, and I had to manually adjust the angle via the "Menu/Picture" format.  There are two inches of black edges on the left and right sides of the computer screen.  The remote control for this TV is a must, as we have to do all the DVD/PC operations via the remote control.  Full screen view returns when we switch to DVD viewing.  My one complaint, if there is one, is that sound on this TV is mediocre at best.  But since our TV is hooked up to auxiliary speakers, this is a non-topic.  The additional speakers augment the full stereo experience of this system.
42 The photographs alone will blow one away.  Panama is a beautiful stretch of land with a lot to offer the curious traveler.  As with any National Geographic guide, the book starts out with a natural and political history of the country, a description of its culture and then a run-down of its major cities like Panama City and Casco Viejo before it breaks down the guide into regions.  Especially interesting to me were the sections on "Driving the Interamerican Highway," and "Parque Nacional Isla Coiba," although either section is only two pages, about the same amount as given other sections of this book.  Nothing here is written in great detail.  All you get are overviews of all the regions of the country.  Insider Tips for travel, such as best time to come to Panama, or what to see or do, are in different colors as the rest of the page, with phone numbers given for national offices. It's a great little guide to browse through for an overview.
43 The size 6 pants fits me nicely.  There's no pinching around the waist.  The pant sleeves come to the top of the shoes.  The material is very soft but well-made and sturdy.  The knees are flexible.  There are four pockets in the front and two in the rear, all designed to be reachable by hand while standing.  The belt loops are an inch wide.  My only complaint is that the pants bottoms are more straight/bootcut than shown in the photograph.  I'm also surprised at the frequent fluctuation in cost.  I'd like to get another pair in a different color, but price fluctuates every day
44 This is my #1 favorite gift card for any restaurant as this store is all over the MidWest.  If you are traveling on I-44 between Joplin, MO and St Louis, MO, or are anywhere near the greater Chicago, Cleveland, Detroit area, this chain has restaurants all over!  This place offers counter seating,  full restaurant seating and take-out, and many places advertise their $4 full meal prices.  It's a popular place with families, old and young alike as the menu is mostly hamburgers, hotdogs and fried chicken and fries. They also serve breakfast. The shakes and ice cream are quite tasty, too.  On Christmas Day, our local SNS was the only restaurant open on US30 in Merrillvile, IN.  I have bought this gift card multiple times via Amazon and the cards are always properly activated.  For repeat customers of this chain, this card via Amazon is a great deal.
45 This is a full-bodied ground coffee at a very reasonable price.  I am quite surprised. The beans are an even dark brown roast. It doesn't have a bitter aftertaste. It has a medium grind, which is ideal for both French Press and percolators.  I had never heard of this coffee before and bought this on a whim.  I am happy.
46 OK, so the Grogans aren't dog experts.  That was obvious in the book.  They picked out a dog from a breeder who was what a human would be labeled as mentally dysfunctional.  The dog was hyperactive, retarded and suffered from severe canine attention defficit syndrome.  But that doesn't mean one can't love a dog (or human) like that.  I think that was the purpose of the book:  that even dysfunctional dogs need love and care.  Marley, with all his faults, was there to console Jenny when she lost her first child.  He was there to watch over and play with the three kids who came along the way.  The Grogans put up with Marley who all his life had the intelligence of a two-year-old human.  There were hilarious scenes as well as tragic scenes in this book.  I laughed and cried throughout the three nights I read this book.  Laughing and crying are extremes in emotions (some may even say they are parallels) and isn't that what pet ownership and loving a pet for all it's worth is about?  I give the Grogans credit for giving Marley a loving home.  There was no abuse at all toward Marley, except for the incident the previous reviewer mentioned and that was not done by any Grogan.  With the abysmal number of unwanted animals that are put to death each year across the world, I have great respect for people like the Grogans who afforded Marley a long and happy life.  We need more pet owners like them.
47 This quick read is a little bit memoir, biography, and inspirational reading. The author Eric Sinoway began this book as a dedication to his longtime friend Howard Stevenson, his former professor-turned-mentor-turned-friend.  There really isn't anything "uncommon" about this book.  But what is refreshing is the upbeating, admirable tone the author uses to convey the spirit of his friend Howard, a Harvard Business School professor who never lets the downs get to him, who always lunges forward with optimism and who never shys away from a challenge.  The author also has much praise for his life friends, and thanks them all in this book for his own successes.  The stories are meant to teach a life lesson.  Every major event in a person's life is an inflection point according to Stevenson, a time in one's life influenced by an event that brings about change, whether it's good or bad.  How we react to inflection points determines how we succeed later in life.  We need to take time during these points and reflect on ourselves, evaluate where we are in life and work on things we still haven't achieved.  The good thing from Howard is that inflection points always allow us change. It's when you don't take advantage of inflection points that you are more likely to fail.  If, for example, you lose your job, take that time to gain new skills and plan your life in a new direction.  Just don't sit back and feel sorry for yourself, because by doing so you are letting new opportunities escape you.  This book is an easy, quick read that provides some insight on how to handle diversity, change and unexpected events in life.
48 This bear is HUGE!  It's true to size and comes up to 46 inches on my measuring tape.  It's very soft. It's definitely more of a light orange than a light brown, but that doesn't bother me.  What's important to me is that my grandson can cuddle with it and use it as a pillow.  It really is soft all around.  It does arrive hermetically sealed, but it didn't take too long to puff out to normal size.  Shaking it out after unwrapping it gets it puffed up enough right away.  There is no annoying PVC smell that is common with materials packaged in plastic wrap from China.  The stuffing is easily accessible from the back, which is a little disconcerting, so I will sew that zipper shut. I'm assuming the zipper is there for quick washings, to remove the cotton puff beforehand. I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
49 This is a nice set for beginner builders.  The colorful pieces are large and can be easily manipulated by small hands.  Fifty pieces for a racetrack isn't really that much, but these large pieces can be used with other Mega Bloks First Builders sets.  You get enough piece to make a race ramp.  The pieces are durable and well-made.  The cars are OK, though.  I find the plastic on the cars to be thin.  The wheels don't move as freely as they should.  The wheels do move, just not very well.
50 This guide is written like the other AP guides: it talks about setting up your study regimen, determining your test readiness with a diagnostic exam, developing success strategies, reviewing your knowledge and taking the test.  There are tips along the way to pay attention to, based on common errors experienced by prior test takers.  There are detailed answers for the test in the back of the guide.  You get four full-length practice exams, two which are online.  There are also online tests and other features, making this guide easily accessible.
51 This is a floral-citrusy scent that lingers.  It's not too strong nor too sweet.  A spray on the nape is all that's needed for an all-day aroma.  I like it  It's a scent that can appeal to women of all ages.  The bottle is far more glamorous than the scent.  The bottle is a heavy rose-tinted bottle designed to look good on an armoire.
52 I only use flip covers for my phone as the cover is added protection for the screen.  This cover does that well, with a strong magnet latch that wraps around the right side of the phone and connects to the back.  (Most covers I have had connect to the front).  The phone fits in snugly with all buttons easily accessible.  This is a basic black vinyl cover.  The phone bed inside is plastic
53 My sample box of four pouches arrived in the heat of the day and they were so warm, I had to place them in the refrigerator to cool off.  I like my applesauce chilled, not warmed!  I very much like this apple-strawberry combination. The taste is evenly spread out between both flavors, and the sauce is pinkish.  There is no grit to this. The sauce is a tad runny but it's also not overly sweet.  These make great lunch snacks, hiking snacks, on-the-go snacks, road trip snacks.  The twist-off, suck on (or squeeze up) containers keep the hands clean, but it also leaves a big footprint.
54 This Mega Blok set is one of the harder ones to put together, and children five years old will lose interest or get very frustrated.  Directions are not easy to follow, and the many white pieces are intimidating.  This may be easier for middle school kids to assemble.  The pieces are small but sturdy.  As in most Mega Blok sets, pieces are packaged in smaller plastic bags for better inventory.  This command center is not a very big piece once it's fully assembled, but I like the NYPD logo on it.  The three figurines are small, too.
55 A murder of a young woman in 1892 certainly wasn't anything shocking.  This was a time of indulgence and entitlement in the age of Victorian standards.  It was the motive for her murder that made society weave a collective gasp.  Alice Mitchel was such an entitled woman, who had an obsessive relationship with her friend Freda Ward.  No one took this relationship seriously, because it was seen as a friendship between two women that would help them once they were married to men.  Alexis Coe does a very good job of bringing all the evidence to the reader.  Replica letters in original handwriting shows the obsession of Alice and the lighthearted flirtatiousness of Freda.  Alice was jealous of Freda  and was determined at an early age to stop Freda, should Freda ever stray from Alice's cautious eye.  The interesting part of this book is the social reaction after Alice murdered Freda.  While Alice clearly was guilty of her heinous crime. no one ever stepped back to wonder why she did what she did.  Alice was a victim of her time and instead was made to be the monster.  There are social, sexist and racial implications here.  The chapters are fairly short and replete with illustrations, copies of letters and a few photographs, giving this story a sense of reality in a time of hidden passion and desires.
56 This is a cute story about a German shepherd dog named Ellie who has been selected as a search and rescue dog.  Ellie doesn't realize she is getting special training, (but she does know she's the smartest dog in her litter) as she narrates the story of how she's selected by her owner Jakob to undergo the training, which Ellie describes as "work" and work she loves to do as it pleases her owner.  The story is narrated from Ellie's perspective, which usually succeeds, although I don't understand Ellie's nightmare of dreaming about a boy named Ethan drowning.  Ethan happens to be my older grandson's name.  Young readers get to understand the training these dogs undergo, from jumping into cold water to sniffing out a trail of a lost person.  To Ellie it's all work and when she gets praises, she is happy.  This work also involves the team that a dog and handler must create.  Search and rescue dogs and their handlers have to go through a lot of training, which is listed at the end of the book. Ellie has the personality of a search and rescue dog because of her desire to please.  She loves to "Find" people and usually she finds them while still alive, although she also has had to search for earthquake victims that didn't always have a happy ending.  This story is an adaptation from an older book by the author, which I have not read.  This version is a good version for young readers as there is no lingering sadness, and the focus remains on Ellie who also must adapt to new handlers when the first one is injured on the job. The narrative keeps animal lovers interested in the outcome.
57 This is a book that tells a history of our medical care, offers a comparison to how Indians handle the aging, and offers arguments for a more comprehensive health program for the geriatrics in our society.  The many profiles of elderly people reflect a cross-section of our society.  Let's all hope we never have to suffer in the end, and that we all go peacefully.  Reading these beautifully-written chapters now has made me afraid of my own final moments on earth  Atul Gawande has taken a sensitive subject and portrayed his observations as a doctor with great great and compassion.  He profiles many older people, including curmudgeon Harry Truman (not our former president) who perished under a lava flow from Mount St Helens  with his 16 cats because he didn't want to leave the only home he had ever known.  He sometimes compares and contrasts our treatment of the elderly with his Indian customs of taking care of aging parents by the oldest children.  The elderly in our society fight many issues, and Gawande gives examples of them all:  from losing independence to learning to be dependent, fighting depression, fighting with family members, bickering with medical institutions and family members, and facing a shortage of geriatrists, we all will face these haunting issues in our lives. We have aging parents who take care of each other, and in the end one of them will need special care because after losing a spouse of many years, there is a complete sense of helplessness.  And we just don't have enough doctors who care about the aging because it's not a profitable section.  Gawande is a good writer, and he has successfully shown the many angles we face as we grow old and develop health issues.
58 I use a tumbler that I rotate every few days.  I sprinkled a cup of this into the compost that was already in there, with some fresh vegetable skins dropped into it, and within a few days there was a noticeable increase in the matter, with a black, rich compost all around.  Now mind you, I live in southern Arizona and we already get the hot, dry heat this time of year.  I don't plant my summer garden until the monsoons hit in July. By then this compost will be ready.  I can actually use what is in the tumbler now for my growing tomatoes.  I keep the compost damp and turn the tumbler regularly.  The outside heat helps keep the matter hot.  One thing I noticed when I first used this on my compost is that the bugs that were already in the tumbler scrambled.  Apparently even beetles and roaches give way to this stuff.  And that is a good sign.
59 I paid heed to the advice to order up two sizes and I am so glad I did.  I normally wear a woman's medium and ordered an XL instead.  I am 5'7" and weigh 138 pounds. The XL fits like a medium normally would, with the shoulder seams ending at the upper arm joint, and the sleeves coming down to my wrist bone.  I have to wonder why there is such a big size discrepancy.  Perhaps Ouray is using Chinese women's standards.  The material is 60% cotton, 40% polyester.  Aside from the too-small fit (had I ordered my usual size medium), the fleece is thin yet warm.  The sweater isn't too bulky and makes for a warm outer layer in a cool office. The letters on my Indiana Hoosier sweater are sewn on nicely with no frayed ends, and the letters are stiff.  They do soften some after washing. The grey is a medium charcoal grey.  Wash in cool water to prevent shrinkage.  I noticed a big price variation among the sizes. I got my sweater at a great price but would not pay more than USD 20.00 for a second one.
60 My dogs really liked this formula.  I opened the small bag and got a whiff of the flavors.  It even smells like lamb. My dogs are big chicken fans but they ate this with gusto, even though this formula also contains dried sweet potato (as well as lentils, chickpeas, dried beet pulp and pea starch). The heart-shaped kibble is a rich, dark brown designed for smaller mouths but my shepherds had no trouble eating this.  My oldest dog Sammy dug right in.  With five big dogs, this little bag didn't last long, but I will be getting this again for road trips.  Note that this formula includes chicken meal as the second ingredient, in case your dog has an allergy to chicken.  Crude protein is a min of 30%, crude fat min 15%, crude fiber max 4.5%, so ideal for various life stages.
61 I've now had both of my older dogs on this for two months.  Both are German Shepherd Dog mixes.  The boy weighs 82 pounds, the girl weighs 73 pounds and are seven and nine years old respectively.  The younger one will eat a tablet, no questions asked (of course he eats anything anyway!) but the older female has to have hers crumbled up in her dog food before she will eat it.  Neither show any side effects like vomiting or diarrhea.  Initially I thought I saw improvement in the older dog after about three weeks.  She'd run with our much younger three-year-old dog and frolic around like old times.  But now that her body seems used to the daily regimen, she seems to be back to her morning stiffness and evening limpness despite giving her 2-3 tablets a day.  So I don't know what to think.  Increase the dosage, try something new?  You can't beat the price here on Amazon, and the dosage is greater than some of the cheaper brands I've tried over the years.  But I'm not quite convinced this stuff is the elixer for arthritic, older dogs.  Interesting that no one ever wants to list all the ingredients.  The active ones are already listed, but this also contains microcrystalline cellulose, artificial roast beef flavor, manganese ascorbate, natural and artificial stearate and natural garlic flavor.
62 I use mascara mostly to add some color to the eyes without it looking like magic markers on the face.  This is a dark brown hue that accentuates the lashes of the same color.  It causes no allergies and it dries fast.  I haven't had much clumping with this.  It's tearproof during the day, but does come off in the shower without leaving those nasty black streaks around the eyes.  This is an excellent, "budget" brand.
63 My cats actually enjoy scratching on this pad.  They are aggressive scratchers and this thin pad can't hold up to all the attention. It doesn't stay in place so either cat can easily flip it over while using it.  It comes folded for easier shipping, and these folds don't come out of the material easily, preventing this thing from laying flat on the ground. There is also a slight chemical smell the first day. It will go away. The cats like to lay on it, though, and it gets plenty of use.  I just wish the base (the pad) were stronger.  I will have to secure this pad to at least 1" thick wood.
64 While my five dogs liked these treats, I was surprised at the high filler amount.  While chicken and duck are the top two ingredients, glycerin, brown sugar, salt, natural maple smoke flavor, preserved with mixed tocopherols round out the contents. These inch-squared treats contain crude protein of min 27%, crude fat min 19%, crude fiber max 1% and moisture max 22%.  The low protein percentage tells me there is a lot of the non-poultry items in this stuff!  I can cut up five ounces of chicken breast for a lower cost that this.  While the glycerin is a shiny binder, you can cut these squares into smaller pieces and use them for training.  Made in USA with duck from USA and France.
65 I prefer flip covers for my expensive electronics.  This cover does as advertised.  The magnetic latch keeps the cover shut.  My new Blu phone fits perfectly in the case.  No ports are covered.  I can use this propped up on a table to watch streaming video.  My one and only complaint is that the black silicone case inside the flip cover itself is cheap.  While the case holds the phone well, there are no dustcovers for the ports.  The clear silicone case that came with my phone is far superior.  I've attempted to pull the black cheap case out and glue in the one that came with my phone, but the two drops of glue used to keep the case inside the flip cover are pretty strong.  I've already torn part of the material off trying to replace the cases.  I still like this flip cover.  I just want to warn buyers of its limitations.
66 My husband put this shelving unit together in 20 minutes.  He added tie-ons around each tier shelf to keep them from moving around too much.  It's a handsome little thing but I can tell just by looking at it that it is not designed for long-term outdoor use.  Those reviewers who complain that it gets blown away in the wind are not using this for its intended use.  The intended use is as an indoor growing medium with supplemental light.  A heated garage, a sheltered patio or balcony or a sunny spot in a large kitchen would be ideal for this greenhouse and users could get many years of use from this thing.  The connecting parts are plastic and when empty this greenhouse does not weight much (thus its "portability").  The lower end is open to air, so true humidity would be difficult to replicate.  The "plastic smell" goes away when left out to ventilate a few days after set-up.  I am happy with this little device.  Here in Arizona this covered shelving unit works to keep dust from getting on my garden tools in the off season.  In the dry, windy springs here, though, this thing wouldn't stand a chance of lasting long outdoors in the direct sun.
67 I bought this small light to keep the inside of my vehicle well-lighted at night, should I need to retrieve something in the dark.  The light can be very bright!  This light has three settings, from point light to full low light to full bright light.  It is bright at any level.  What I also like is the light weight and small built and the carabiner latch, which makes it ideal for hikers and campers.
68 My first impression of this little vacuum is that it is cheaply made.  The brush attachment is not properly assembled.  It came in pieces and even when I figured out how the pieces fit, the two main compartments holding the "brush" assembly weren't flush. (I'll take a photo of that and put it up here as evidence) It thus makes that "special brush with rubber bristles" useless.  The little hose part reminds me of a plastic ring from a milk carton; I don't expect it to last long.  The rest of the little sucker, however, works well.  I can use this thing around tight spots in my cluttered office, vacuum around the desk, in dark crevices, and pick up most things.  It comes apart fast and easily for cleaning and emptying.  It does turn off if overheated, and that usually means the small dust holder needs emptying.  This is great for small or hard-to-reach areas like window sills and around computer equipment.  It's a little less effective as a car vacuum because the vacuum hose's opening is so small and the dust catcher isn't big, either. It tends to clog up easily because of this.  It's also not the most powerful vacuum out there for common household debris like kitty litter or dried mud, stuff that your pet may drag around. Just don't expect much from the brush attachment as it's 100% Chinese workmanship.  This is a great supplementary vacuum device.  For a main vacuum I'd say this is so-so.
69 I found the original mix for dressing a bit on the thin, sweet side.  I don't care for my Ranch dressing to be sweet. I used the mix instead as a marinade for chicken breasts, which gave the chicken a nice flavor after I marinated the breasts overnight and then baked the meat in with rice and cream of chicken soup.  Another good use was for a chicken rice casserole, which added a nice creamy-tangy taste.  I'd definitely use this again for meat recipes, but not for dressing.  Storing this is convenient.
70 I got this for my younger grandson when it was a featured Gold Box deal.  He's only ten months old and already wearing 18 month clothes.  The color combination of this three-piece ensemble is nice.  The pants are a thick fleece, the shirt is cotton, and the jacket again is fleece.  It's a comfortable indoor outfit to waddle away the winter months.
71 The prose of this sad story sucks you in from the beginning.  Ami McKay really knows how to enchant people with her style, and to leave just enough of a trail to keep the reader going as the story is narrated in first-person and seen through the eyes of a 12-year-old girl who is called Moth.  The narration is of innocence yet determination.  Moth knows there is more in life than just being a servant girl (for various means by her owner) and does not let her ambition mar her dreams.  She knows what she wants.  Despite Moth's hardships she does not ooze with vengeance or anger.  This is what makes the story so touching.
72 Rickety Stitch and his gelatinous bag of goo are let go as inefficient torturers of a dungeon.  Stitch is a witty skeleton with emotions, unlike most other skeletons, and he uses his time to go on a quest to find himself.  He sings catchy tunes and plays the lute and drives others along the way crazy with his songs.  Sometimes his songs help him out of a tough spot. He and Gooey meet some interesting characters along the way, some who do not have good intentions.  There is some humor and mockery (poltergeese!) and a few adult themes.  This is fantasy with wit. Artwork is quite good and the paper quality that of a fine magazine.  The end is left open for more episodes of the two.
73 My dogs eat this stuff.  It comes out of the can like a cylinder as it's packed into the can densely. Ingredients are Beef, Water Sufficient for Processing, Natural Flavors, Cassia Gum, Carrageenan.  No fragrance other than beef aroma, and no excessive gravies.  I just wish this weren't so expensive.  I do like Wellness products and buy them for my pets, as none of my dogs have bad reactions to this product or brand.  Please note these cans do not have pop-up lids.  A can opener is required.
74 I bought these locally from our Navy commissary.  I normally get these in the packages so I gave these a try.  They are sweeter now, with sugar, flour, peanut oil, cocoa powder, < 2% hazelnut oil, vanilla bean, rice flour, soy flour, whey, sugarcane molasses and other ingredients listed.  The wafers are less than an inch across and ideal for dipping in black coffee, which is how they are eaten in Europe.  The wafers are packed in two separate airtight foils.  Most were intact and tasted fresh.  I just wish these weren't so sweet.  Sugar and cocao are the dominant flavors. Baked in the USA.  Two wafers have 130 calories, with 15% from saturated fat and 6% carbohydrate
75 The soap dish is an ivory, so not pure white.  What I like is that it is large enough for even the biggest of soap bars.  The design along the rim is elegant. The dish does not move around the counter. It's easy to clean.
76 My dogs took to these, so they can detect the chicken in these.  These do look like small, hard cookies as they crumble just like cookies, especially when you try to break these down into smaller treats .  Ingredients are basic and garlic is one, which has me a bit stupefied, but these treats don't seem to upset my dogs in any way, They have no strong odor, either.
77 What a special treat this little book is, and the music alone is happy, upbeat and great for sing-alongs.  Tim's voice is friendly.  The music is fiddle, banjo, bass and guitar and is not overpowering at all.  He laughs, he plays sound effects and makes this story a fun story for young children.  A boy and his dog Arlo head out to the country store on a hot summer day with a nickle in his hand, kicking a can along the way.  His friends Bob and Jim on his bike join him on the walk.  The journey with Bob and Jim is the story, as they get themselves in some trouble, but it's a fun trouble that can get young kids laughing.  This is a fun story for all ages, young and old.  "Life is full of wonderful adventures, keep dreaming and believing, travel safe and keep on keeping on."  I received a free sample to evaluate and review
78 This is the way apple juice (or any fruit juice) should taste:  bring out the fruit while keeping added sugar down.  These little juice packs are nice to have in a packed lunch, but I'd  like to see this in a large glass or plastic bottle.  There are 12.5 grams of sugar and 50 calories in each pack.
79 This is a well-written but also haunting story set after the Wounded Knee Massacre.  It is a murder mystery western set to this historical event, with a white ranching family ruled by patriarch Drum Bennett and his sons.  Drum's son J.B is murdered in the first chapter, right after he stumbles across a dead Lakota woman.  Another man, Ry Graver, who is familliar to J.B then walks in on the scene of now two dead people, he is blamed for the murders.  Even though he can prove that he did not kill J.B, he never earns the complete trust of some of the other people in this weaving story.  Jonis Agee writes very detailed chapters, making this a slow book to read and absorb.  There is a very graphic rape scene early on that was so disturbing, I had to stop reading and calm down.  The woman was the sister of Rose, who also plays a part in this story.  Rose and Dulcinea, the widow of J.B, develop a strong friendship that becomes the center of this story as this friendship struggles to explain the brutality between the Bennett family and the Lakota people.  Agee only slowly reveals clue to the murders, while also describing life for both people over the years and giving short background to some of the characters that explain their behavior and attitude. This is especially true for Drum Bennett, who is not quite the man one thinks he is at the beginning of the story.  This is expertly written, and while it is long and requires concentration (this story can't be read on the fly), the faint cry of humanity does show through.
80 This is a cute memoir of a young Iranian girl describing her teen years as an illegal immigrant.  Her life is filled with teen angst.  She worries about her unibrow, large nose, pimply skin, small boobs, her older sister.  Her narrative is funny at times, serious at times.  Taken from her diaries written in the mid 1990s, it also shows the sign of the times:  Americans generally knew little about Iran, Iranians and associated Iranians with terrorists.  Her parents lived the American dream as much as possible.  They owned their own luggage store and made a decent living.  They were secular and liberal and not the typical Persian stereotype.  Saedi shares some Persian traditions here that may differ from American traditions, such as acceptance (or not!) of female facial hair, dating a boy without prospects of marrying him, wearing conservative clothes when others aren't, being respectful toward parents and the elderly.  Growing up in the Bay Area, though, meant having rules that were more liberal than most.  There are underage drinking and illicit drug use and the occasional "F" word.  And coming from a Muslim country, she had friends who tried to convert her to Christianity.  The fear of being deported never left Saedi, but that doesn't consume her memoir.  The tone gets more serious in the second half of this book, though.  It took the family 15 years to be considered welcome in this country.  Her parents had to do a few unconventional things to stay in the US.  Nonetheless, the story does have a happy end
81 This is the third in a series by Tracey Hecht.  The three protagonists have returned for another nocturnal mystery: Dawn, the wise red fox who provides the calm reasoning, Bismark, the amorous, French-speaking sugar glider who provides the comedy, and Tobin the reserved pangolin who provides the quiet compassion.  These three mystery solvers have developed a trusting friendship and as the Nocturnal Brigade, unite to solve the latest pomelo-poisoning crime that cause some gastrointestinal music. This can be read independently from the other two books.  What I like in this story is the fast pace, the wit, and the inclusion of some natural science.  Hecht doesn't write about standard fairy-tale animals.  Instead, she writes about animals found in exotic places.  There's the aye-aye, bush  kangaroo, pointy-eared bilbies, woylies,lemurs, scorpions and bandicoot (mice like marsupials with long snout).  Readers can research more about these animals.  In the end the theme is uniting in friendship despite differences.  The chapters are short and the language age appropriate.  Each chapter has a water color sketch of a chapter scene.
82 I currently have five dogs.  Two of them are GSDs and the other three have some GSD in them.  So yes, they are all big dogs. I rotate their kibble through various brands so that their digestive systems get used to variety.  They really like this new recipe kibble.  They suffer no diarrhea or vomiting. I am happy, too, as it's currently very affordable via Amazon AND this kibble doesn't contain corn or corn meal.  Nutro often runs sales and offers coupons, so place this item on price watch!
83 This pseudo dating game is printed on coasters.  The person who starts the game reads a scenario from the card while the others guess how the person would react to the situation.  There are two scenarios per card.  Some of the questions asked can be too invasive:  "You are about to spend the holidays with your partner's family for the first time.  Your partner confesses they told their parents you had a different, more professional job..."  It reminds me of "The Newlywed Game."  Like the warning on the cover, this is not a game to be played with children.  There are 49 cards and each card has two scenarios, so after a few rounds the situations become redundant.  I can see some of the situations provoking deep conversation, but after a game or two of this and I'm ready to call it quits.
84 What lovely autumn colors this tote bag has, a perfect bag to bring for the first week back to school.  This tote bag carries all my essentials for a day in the classroom:  a notepad, my 13" notebook, smart phone and other small electronics, pens and pencils, water bottle and snacks.  The hand straps are long enough to allow me to carry the bag snugly under my left shoulder.  A shoulder strap to allow this bag to be worn over one shoulder is also included.  There are several weaknesses I noted upon inspection, though.  I have two loose frays on my hand strap, weakening my hand straps at two crucial seams.  All the zippers hesitate and come undone, so I have to be careful when closing them.  The third thing I noted is that the inside is made from one nylon liner, out of which all the pockets are made.  If that nylon rips, that weakens the liner and contents will fall out of the liner and get lost in that space between liner and canvas.  Despite the noted weaknesses, I like the design and the colors and the bag's largesse.  I just know I need to treat this with care.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
85 Charles Glass has been reporting about Syria and the Levant since the mid 1980s.  I am familar with his work.  He knows the mentality of the region.  For readers new to the Middle East, Glass is a good source.  This short book is a good overview of the country's history.  There have been many players in the region:  Britain and France and now Iran and Iraq (and Israel over the Golan Heights) have been big influences.  When the Arab Spring exploded in early 2011, the Obama administration expected Syria to fall like Libya and Egypt fell.  Obama was not going to get involved until after Assad was gone.  But he's still here.  People underestimated Assad's power.  He has many supporters within the regime.  Instead of Assad falling, he's remained in power even more determined to remain there.  Syria now for the Western World is a question of whom to support:  Assad or Isis.  Glass sides with Assad.  It's better to know the evil in front of us than to not know the evil yet to come.  Glass' style is journalistic, but he summarizes the history and the current conflict very well
86 Readers who enjoy historical fiction will enjoy this book.  Narrated in both first and third-person perspective, it describes in vivid detail the lives of a multi-generational Jewish family caught between several worlds:  the lives of capitalist America, Soviet Russia and the Jewish faith, spanning fifty years between 1932 and 2008.  There is a constant struggle between family members regarding political leanings, religious devotion, and gender expectations.  To keep families together, the people have learned to hide events in their personal lives hidden from the others.  This causes surprise and disappointment in the end.  Sana Krasikov writes with great detail.  Her paragraphs are laden with vivid imagery of the many characters in this book as well as their surroundings.  Whether it is a Russian winter or an American company's boardroom, one can sense the difference between the two worlds immediately.  She also captures the distinctive and opposing personalities of mother Florence Fein, her son Julian, and Julian's son Lenny very well.  These are three generations that shared a history between two rival countries, yet also made their lives around the needs of these two governments. Krasikov shows how very much alike both the United States and Russia are when it comes to money and greed.
87 This is great coffee if you like a rich and full-bodied coffee. I do, especially since I only drink coffee in the mornings. It smells great when the bag is just opened, and it fills the room with its aroma while brewing.  The grinds are medium and the beans are a dark brown.  My husband, who's happy drinking day-old coffee from a gas station, finds it too strong, but I find it tastes just perfectly.  It's decently priced for something that goes down like gourmet coffee.
88 This is a whimsical story that involves an old man, two young teens, a talking dog and a magic stone.  There is both good and evil in the plot, wrapped in a fantasy story told with humor and wit that both young and old will understand.  Nosewise is a white shepherd that gets adopted by the old wizard Merlin.  Morgana is an 11-year-old girl learning tricks from Merlin.  Nosewise quickly bonds with his new family.  But then one day Merlin and Morgana are kidnapped by the evil Lord Destrian who has an ax to grind with Merlin. Nosewise is determined to find his masters and goes on a search for him.  He befriends a young boy who guides him, a boy not much older than Morgana.  While they are both on the search for Merlin and Morgana, they face all kinds of obstacles together, but they also learn about one another.  The story is told from Nosewise's perspective, who clearly has a superior nose. There are some whimsical passages in which life is contrasted between that of a dog's world and that of a human's world.  The humor is clean and the language is easy for young readers.  The pace moves fast, though, as there is always something happening in the short chapters.  What I liked, as a dog lover myself, are the funny antics Nosewise finds himself in.  He is loving and loyal and will whatever he can to save his master. Anyone who owns a dog can sympathize with Nosewise, Merlin, Morgana and Arthur.  It's a quick read.
89 This is a handsome growler/thermos.  It's not as heavy as I thought it would be.  The wide handle makes this one easy to carry and hold.  The wide mouth typical of growlers also makes this easy to fill and drink out of, and therefore easy to clean.  There is no funky plastic or PVC aftertaste because there is none to get in contact with.  The handle and hinge are plastic and the seal is silicone. The snap-down top seals tightly with no leaks. The exterior is a dark blue.  This is a well-made growler with distinct seams that comes ready to be used; just wash out with soap and water and it's ready for both hot and cold liquids.  The label washes off easily and leaves no glue behind.
90 This book is evidence that to see God, one has to believe in him.  That is why this book failed me in that respect, but I still found this book a worthwhile read.  But I did have a few minor complaints.  Chapter II was too long.  The survival story with the tiger on the raft dragged on too long.  There were too many "bone-crushing" scenes that left me a little uneasy.  But otherwise, for originality and creativity, I give this book high marks.  I will also add that I do believe the secondary version of this story, revealed in Chapter III, is most likely the real story, which makes the symbolic analogies in the preceding pages more coherent.  I also appreciated the author's added descriptions of animal behavior and habitats noteworthy.  Although I don't understand what the big ruckus was about this book, I did find it an enjoyable read and a book worthy of a discussion group afterwards.  I don't think this story is strictly a religious tale.  Anyone with faith and devotion would relate to this book.
91 I bought this lens when Amazon featured it in a Lightning bolt sale.  I couldn't be any happier.  It is now my all-round lens and much better than the kit lens that my Canon Rebel xS came with.  The general pros and cons of this lens have been mentioned in many other reviews, so I won't go into further detail here.  Yes, it is lightweight and very portable, yes, it captures low-light well, yes there is color sharpmess.  Macro shots are easier to do with this lens.  But sometimes the lens doesn't focus fast enough and I have to switch to manual focus.  Sometimes the lens does not lock in.  Another added feature I like is the lens hood.  This lens comes with a hood at no extra cost. This is an extra expense for Canon lenses.  Also, the camera lens cover fits on snugly and doesn't pop off easily like Canon lens covers do.  This is a great feature when out hiking with this lens.  Overall, I am very pleased with the photo quality of this lens.  This was an excellent sale when Amazon featured it as a lightning bolt special for two twenty-nine.
92 These are smooth-writing pens.  The ink flows out of these easily and evenly, even upside down and even in cold environments.  The point does not get clogged up and writes even from a cold start.  There is no blotching and very little smudging because the ink dries fast. The pens are triangular and thus easy to hold in the hand.  The medium thickness is ideal for regular documents.  These pens are a great bargain at the current price
93 I was attracted to this print for its artistic composition.  It's a study of light, lines and asymmetry and evokes a peaceful feeling in black and white.  There is no artist name anywhere on the print.  The image is lovely but it's the material that makes this look a little cheap. This is a thin nylon (?) material stapled on a pinewood frame.  The material wraps around the wood so the staples aren't visible when hanging on the wall. It's not a heavy frame at all. The print arrives bubblewrapped and taped tightly in a thick cardboard box.  A hook with two screws are in the back.  It's a lovely print to have in an office or a waiting room.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest, unbiased review
94 This shampoo stinks!  I opened the container and I could smell sulfur, which is the second ingredient listed.  It also contains coal tar and triclosan.  Triclosan is an anti-bacterial agent that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) are wanting to test further; some studies seem to hint that triclosan can affect the endocrine system in humans.  This has me a little skeptical to use as my dog's regular shampoo.  The blue liquid shampoo itself doesn't lather up very well, like most Sulfodene products, but other varieties from this company have worked well, such as the flea and tick shampoo.  Furthermore, my GSD with the persistent itching doesn't seem to show much improvement, which has me guessing that her itching is not bacterial in nature, but rather a behavioral trait.  I don't plan on using this shampoo again unless it's a last resort.
95 I have always preferred flip covers to non-flip covers for my phones, despite the inconvenience while taking photos. The screen is better protected this way while in a backpack, purse, or pocket.  This is a ribbed medium-soft polyurethane cover. The phone snaps into a hard plastic shell that's inside the cover.  The buttons are all available for use.  The magnet keeps the cover over the screen.  The stand works well on a phone on a flat, immobile table. With normal use, this cover should last the life of my phone.  This is a good, basic flip cover.  Also fits the Samsung S6.  The camera on the S6 is one cm higher than on the S7, but the lens still has full use with this cover.
96 I like Tomcat's live catch mouse traps as they do work and do the mice no harm as long as they are released the same day.  These are easy to set up and work best when set at an angle.  I've used peanut butter, cracker crumbs, seeds.  I set the mice free across the neighborhood in a riparian area, where they can feast on more seeds.  I'd like to see Tomcat make these traps in larger sizes, because we are now also getting a packrat problem outside in our garden.  I'd rather trap them humanely than have my dogs kill them.
97 Benchmark makes the best gazeteers for the outdoor recreationist.  Terrain features are noted, such as waterfalls, peaks, trail heads.  The traveler knows where the national forests are and where the national parks are, and other state or federally-owned lands.  This is such a great help for those out camping or hiking or even river rafting or hunting as hunting unit boundaries are also noted.  Washington is divided into 11 recreational areas that give a bigger detail on state parks, forest and wildlife areas, boating and fishing areas, historic sites and museums, ferries along the coast, notable towns, natural attractions like caves or unusual rock formations, other attractions such as dams, observatories, campgrounds and RV sites, information resources such as Bureau of Land Management, highway information, state parks headquarters, etc.  The nice thing about all this detail on one page is that one can do research at a camp site or other remote location and not worry about needing an internet connection, although there is a scan tag on the front cover that one can use with one's smart phone to get additional information on lodging, weather and other destinations.  When I road trip, I always take my Benchmark maps with me.
98 This machine is a compact espresso machine that has a modernist look to it.  It's tall but narrow.  It's easy to use once it's been allowed to warm up.  The brewing process is similar to a Keurig coffee maker.  The espresso coffee is decent, although not as robust as other brands I have tried.  I knew when ordering this that it did not come with a steam frother.  Understanding how capsule coffee is brewed, I can now understand why a wand is not included.  My biggest complaint about the machine is not the quality of coffee it brews, but the inability to buy more coffee capsules! I feel like this machine was introduced to American espresso drinkers without providing for enough sources for resupply.  So buyer beware.
99 We have only one portion of land where we have seen snakes and it's our north end of our lot facing an alley.  I've seen rattlers there.  While no snakes have dared to come into our backyard, they have rested against the fence in the grass.  That's too close for comfort.  I applied the contents of this bag along the fence line once snakes were reported in the area.  I used a scooper because this stuff has a gritty feel to it.  It does look like kitty litter and it smells like cedar.  I have not seen any snakes in the alley since applying this two weeks ago.
100 These are very comfortable.  The material is 98% cotton and 2% Spandex, with a two-inch elastic band around the top allowing for stretch.  I am a size 8, weigh 141 pounds and these are ideal for both work and travel.  There is no pinch anywhere, neither at the waist nor around the knees (these reach 2" below the patella).  The front pockets are deep enough for an average hand.  The back pockets are merely decorative, but you get a pocket on each lower thigh instead, which are easier to get to when seated.  Made in Bangladesh.
101 These are more sour than sweet.  An eight-ounce bag is enough to take on a long hike and share with pals on the trail.  The bites are perfect to chomp down on and chew.  They don't stick to the teeth, either. These are more sour than sweet and the watermelon flavor isn't that strong.  It's still a great pick-me-upper for those long day hikes.  The contents don't melt easily as long as they are inside a backpack.  If you like sour candies, these will satisfy.  Just be careful of all the sugar at the bottom of the bag!
102 This book mentions everything from the front cover:  it's a guide for institutions and classrooms of higher education.  But I must add that this is an overview, an introductory guide for newcomers to this field.  The guide mentions that "administrative leadership and strong faculty ownership are critical" but if it's an administrator reading this book for help, there isn't much here to guide them.  Having writing-intensive courses, assessment programs, student surveys and student feedback are all important.  Standardized tests are pretty common everywhere; creating an online portfolio perhaps not so much.  All the suggestions are written in short paragraphs, as if as an outline.  The pages of references are impressive though, so at least the reader can find out more stuff via these given references.
103 This ball can bounce!  It's made of solid foam rubber, so the air pockets inside provide for quite a punch when the ball lands.  The large ball is also a big ball and not a ball I'd recommend for dogs smaller than 60 pounds or with small mouthes.  My German Shepherd Dogs can barely hold this in their mouthes.  This is at least the size of a softball.  The little grooves help the dog hold this with their teeth.  The bright yellow helps the human see the ball better in tall grass.  I was provided a free sample in exchange for a review
104 My first impression of this food is its clean smell. Our little Whistler enjoys this variety very much. There are lots of colored pellets in this mix (green and red) and some dried fruit in this feed.  I like the resealable bag.
105 I think Conan is a creative genius.  I was upset when he was canned from NBC so that Jay Leno could resume his boring repartee.  I don't blame Conan for being angry  But this documentary just doesn't do it for me.  It shows him stressed out, angry, tired and fed up more than anything else, and his tour didn't seem that funny at all.  He toured college campuses and played his guitar, but this lacked the true comedic talents Conan has in front of the camera.  I like Conan best as a stand-up comedian and there was very little humor in this shaky documentary.  There were a few cameos of Eddie Vedder, Steve Kroft, and conversations Conan had backstage with his crew.  For diehard Conan fans, this shows him in his natural element. He went on to host a show on TBS but even that show isn't getting the fanfare the Late Night Show had with Conan last decade.
106 If you have read "The Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson, or Daniel Yergin's "The Quest", you will agree that this book is like the end of a trilogy that focuses on the bribes and behind-the-scenes workings by little-known powerhouses.  While the first two books give a good history of oil, Silverstein focuses on the wheelers and dealers of this powerful business.  Most of the people he writes about are unknowns to me.  There are several Asian and African dealers he profiles.  Especially interesting is the chapter on Glencore, the commodity trading house of oil and other resources. Silverstein shows how politicians even cower to Glencore and let representatives of Glencore do the negotiations with governments  While the reporting is straight-forward, it can be dry at times and not as engaging or riveting as "The Quest."  Silverstain does show how powerful people in the oil business are; proof in the rising costs of gasoline because of the civil upheaval in Iraq should be proof right now.
107 I'm good about taking care of my vehicles and regular oil changes are always maintained on schedule.  This stabilizer is good for both my 2002 Ford Escape and my 2008 Dodge Caravan. Add it to a cool engine. It looks and feels like regular motor oil, but is more expensive than the additive that oil changing places always like to upsell to their customers.  The bottle with its long neck is shaped to make adding this stabilizer easy.  Does this stuff truly work?  It's hard to say for sure, but with 178,000 miles on my Escape with regular care (to include occasional oil additives like this stuff), I want to side on the affirmative. Adding this to clean oil does appear to make the oil last longer.
108 I have to say in all areas the box is nicer than this watch.  It's way too large on my 6" wrist and there is no way to adjust it as the band is one stinky silicone band.  Most of the time I can't even get the time to activate despite pressing on the side mode botton, so I don't even see the benefit of "checking time" quickly from this watch.  The design is nice, very slick-looking and perhaps designed for an underwater diver, but in the office or on terra firma the band attracts a lot of dust, making this charcoal grey watch very ugly looking.  For me and my needs, it will go back inside the box.
109 I bought my first Keens 13 years ago, when they first hit the market, and paid top dollar for my pair.  I ended up wearing those sandals everyday while hiking in New Jersey, well into November.  Even on the rugged trail, they were comfy and dependable.  These are cut wide for those of us with duck feet, and I never get hot spots wearing these.  They are easy to slip on and take off.  Fast forward to 2015 and I still find the Keen the best-fitting water sandal.  I've tried Teva, Vasques and Colombias and Keen by far tops all of those water sandals in comfort, durability and price.  These Newport H2 fit perfectly either wet or dry.  The bungee cords keep the shoe on tight without slipping (causing blisters).  My husband's feet would smell after wearing his, but my feet had no such reaction.  The best thing for me is the thick toe guard on this model.  I hike in these shoes and need strong toe guard to prevent getting my feet stumped by evil rocks, snaga and other undesirables on the trail.  The rubber guard keeps my ugly toes from public view.  I now have a woman's style and a men's style and my feet feel no difference.
110 The short pitch for this movie is quite deceptive.  It sounds like "Before Sunrise" with Ethan Hawke, but it's nothing quite like it.  While the acting is quite good, Benot Poelvoorde has the physical charm of a Sean Penn, and never did I feel that he was in love with Sylvie, or she with him.  It was more of a curiosity as she is married and he mentions early on how he easily falls for women.  What keeps the viewer glued to this complicated plot is how close the two sisters are, and it's this sisterly bond that drives this movie.  The main theme of this movie is not love, but loneliness.  All three of the main characters feel lonely.  There's a nice plot twist in the end that disappoints me.
111 Dominic Lieven has a passion for Russian history.  His depth of research and his engaging writing style make Russian history downright interesting.  This book is his version of Russian history as seen through Russians' perspectives.  The first two chapters are a summary of all events that led up to World War I, from the English, French, German and Austrian-Hungarian perspective.  These four empires were pushing against one another with Russia on the far eastern perimeter.  Russia, too, wanted an empire but had issues with Japan and Turkey to contend with, and then the US.  These two chapters are easy to read and develop the setting for the more detailed third chapter, "The Decision Makers."  All the Russian leaders who barely get a footnote in general history text books are profiled in depth, people other than Tsar Nicholas who were unfamiliar to me.  His feelings toward Ukraine are described starting on page  102, as Nicholas's resentment toward Austria for encouraging the Ukrainian revolt is mentioned.  Russia's troubles along its borders are also well-described here.  The Tsar is painted as a concerned man about his country, but also is a man with a military mind as Lieven describes in great detail the interactions between Russia and Austria, Russia and Japan, Russia and Turkey, Russia with the western powers.  The Tsar did not want these world powers to prevent him from making Russia into an empire.  I appreciated Lieven's Russian perspective on this era, which explains in part some of the actions that Russia is doing now to its neighbors.  People with a fascination with Russian history will delight in this book.
112 Renzo lives on a farm with his mother and grandfather.  His dad Marty was killed in the last war.  The family is struggling financially, so when a pig gives birth to piglets, the piglets are sold for money.  One piglet sneaks away and suckles with the puppies that are born shortly afterwards.  Soon the piglet, named Marty, learns dog tricks which endear it to everyone, even the neighbors, but will the cash-strapped mother also be touched by the pig, or send it off to market when it's old enough?  It's a tough choice to make, seeing how the pig is helping Renzo cope with his loss.  Chapters are short, language is age appropriate.  This is a bittersweet story for middle schoolers
113 Everyone in this story suffers for their love.  I am not much of a reader of fiction, but a good historical narrative is always enticing.  Young-ha Kim succeeds in telling a little-known story of 1033 Korean immigrants who buy passage on the British ship Ilford to sail to Mexico, avoiding the Russo-Japanese war that claimed the Korean Empire in 1905.  Asian literature is often too lyrical for me, but perhaps the translation of this work is what makes this story very believable in any language.  This story is worth a read.  There are several interesting characters in this story, all who somehow gain sympathy from the reader because all somehow manage to suffer greatly.  The first 1/4 of the story describes the ocean voyage; luckily the ship lands before that story gets overbearing.  But none of the passenger's suffering ends when they reach terra firma.  Once on land there are more obstacles to overcome, from climate to insects to some very brutal natives.  While there is a physical love story here between a poor boy and an aristocratic girl, there is love in all the main characters, even if that love is love of God, love of country, love of the class society the Koreans want to preserve once they reach southern Mexico.  Various classes learn to survive having to live so closely together, and yet all suffer in the end.  The dream of starting a new life in a new world never materializes for these people.  The story ends rather sadly, so readers beware.
114 These strips remind me of another brand that makes chicken and beef strips for dogs and sells them for around the same price.  My dogs took to these.  These have Chicken, Glycerin (binder), Salt, Potassium sorbate (preservative), Sodium ascorbate ( preservative) listed as ingredients.  I could really do without the last two preservatives, but they keep mold from forming.  No treats stay long in my house with five big dogs, so preservatives aren't necessary, but I understand international shipping requirements.  Unlike the other Iike brand, these strips seem to have a lot of glycerin in them. The glycerin gives these that slight sticky/slippery texture. These strips are pliable but can also be torn into smaller pieces.  There is no offensive odor or greasy residue from these strips.  The bag states these are Made in Ireland, and so does the website.  PS-- The price has dropped by two bucks, making this an affordable treat.  I bought a second bag of these before the price drop earlier this week.
115 I am not an audiophile but find these light earbuds to have light quality as well.  The buds are fine and you get four different sizes with this, but I find the sound too brassy.  These buds are fine for voice recordings and taped lectures, etc, but for full music I don't find these to be top quality.  The price is on the steep side.  These feel more like $19.99 and not the current price quoted.
116 Harold Davis is a passionate flower photographer as well as someone knowledgable with various flower species.  He can take a budget bouquet from Trader Joe's and create a beautiful photograph.  This book shows the amateur how he does it.  Not only is this book beautiful to look at, there is also some useful knowledge for the budding macro photographer.  Besides talking about lightboxes and showing the results of using them with transparent flowers, he also shows how his techniques with various lighting are done, which makes this more than a pretty coffeetable book to look at.  This is both a how-to book as well as a display book, and that is what photography enthusiasts want.
117 Author Doug Young makes some good observations in this book.  The Chinese Communist Party dictates to its news editors what and how news should be reported.  Reporters must focus on the positive, avoid the negative, and if it's negative, blame it on outside forces like Japan or the United States.  This 60-year-long practice has made people leery of any news. People are conditioned not to ask about the news.  And then there are some things that should never be reported on:  Human rights, Single-Child policies, Falun Gong.  Natural disasters are OK to report on as long as Chinese officials are shown trying to save lives and improve conditions.  Mr Young brings to the reader endless examples of how the Chinese Communist Party dictates the news to its citizens.  Many of the examples seem redundant.  Young mentions innumerable times that an unnamed reporter told him years/months ago about an event that is an example of the Chinese Communist Party's attempts to keep the global news in check.  While well-written and fast to read, Young doesn't announce anything unknown.  The world learned from the Beijing Summer Olympics how the Chinese Communists falsify or deny any wrong-doing to avoid looking bad to its neighbors.  Homeless Chinese are moved elsewhere; homeless animals are shot and killed.  Victims of natural disasters such as mining accidents or massive floods and earth quakes are always downplayed.  How long can these deceptions live on?  Many Chinese have gotten used to being lied to that even they don't know how to report the truth.  Young seems to report on a busting country that still does not feel comfortable in its own skin.  This makes for an interesing read but not necessarily an earth-shattering read.
118 My decal arrived on a stormy day.  The envelope was wet.  I let it dry out a few days before applying this.  I cleaned and dried the window before applying. The ears on the dog didn't want to stick to the window, but I did managed eventually, pealing the transfer paper from right to left very slowly.  The sun will eventually bake this on the glass.
119 What a wonderful job Ellis did in writing this story.  He mentions Cherokee history then and now, describes the road he's walking on, the people he meets along the way (to include the proverbial weirdoes that make good travelogues so appealing), the emotional ups and downs of physical exertion.  Even the daily weather and how it affected his mood was well described.  I especially appreciated his story about the crow and how the crow became the symbol of the Cherokee Nation. I went to visit the Musuem of the Cherokee Indian in Cherokee, North Carolina because of this book.  That was money well-spent and very educational.  The phrase that sticks out in my mind (I read this book two years ago) is his phrase "Men and boys will always want something from a woman."  That is so true...
120 This book isn't just about fertility, it's about healthy living and implementing healthier eating and living habits in one's daily life.  Of course fertility is the primary focus, but what is loosely covered here also benefits healthier living all around.  The chapter on ovulation makes it very understandable how and when conception is achieved.  The authors cite genetically-modified (GM) foods as a big culprit to infertility, but there are other evils like processed and fake foods, artificial sweeteners, hydrogenated fats, chemicals, preservatives and toxic elements like phyric acid. and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Ridding our bodies of these harmful substances would make us healthier all around.  There are discussions about Chinese and Western medicines, but they are all superficial.  This book is not a recipe book for herbal concoctions, but rather a How-To book for healthier living in a general sense.  The book has four parts to it:  The Causes of fertility, Cultivating Fertility, Dealing with Obstacles and Navigating the Medical Fertility Work.  Stress, exercise, meditation are all mentioned. While this book won't make anyone a master on Chinese medicines, this will give anyone a basic understanding of how our bodies are very sensitive to what we put into them.  Amazon had this book in the cookbook category, which may hamper selling this book for its intended purpose.
121 Besides the chapters on what to expect and how to prepare for the AP World History test, what I really like is the added section at the end of "a question a day."  Just focusing on that for five minutes a day helps one slowly prepare for the big test when time is limited.  There are, of course, faster ways to prepare, especially if the student is weak in only one area, like ancient history.  There are practice exams, online exams, and detailed answers.  While this is focused on the high school student, this study guide would have helped me when I took the state exam to teach history.  For me, this guide is an excellent review
122 Dmitri Trenin is a retired Soviet Army officer who understands the Russian psyche.  This is a short book written in plain language.  Should we fear Russia?  No, says Trenin, and then in short chapters explains why we should not fear Russia, but respect it for its own identity.  Trenin understands why the US is fearful of Russia.  Russia's imperialistic tendencies from far before the tsars have always been about expansion and regional dominance.  From the Bolshevik times to its actions between the two world wars, then its seizing eastern European countries during the Cold War, and more recently with its invasion of eastern Ukraine does give the western world reason to fear Russia.  Trenin reasons that Russia under Putin is just trying to balance out the world order, and that it is acting as it is because of the US actions.  In short, we should have nothing to fear if we treat Russia as an equal power; Putin's actions are simply in line with those of Obama and now Trump.  And this may be true as the political situation relates to the destruction of ISIS.  Russia should fear ISIS much more than the US since ISIS is right outside Russia's borders.  The book is short.  The language is plain.  There is nothing earth-shattering here.  It's a short read that should be read by anyone who's interested in foreign affairs, political events and the global efforts to combat terrorism.
123 I love spiraled carrots in my salads and this spiralizer does exactly what I need.  This set comes with a peeler with hard plastic (o metal blade) so I peel the outside of a carrot (since the outer skin is often bitter and too acidic) and then turn a carrot into the spiralizer.  The sharp blades do the rest.  The enclosed brush then help clean off any residue, and afterwards a quick rinse is sufficient.  The same can be done for softer vegetables, like potatoes, cucumbers and zucchini.  The metal hand grip keeps this from slipping from a hold.  This device is meant for a personal kitchen and not a busy commercial kitchen.  However, the results are quite pleasing.  I think the peeler's sharpness with degrade faster than the spiralizer because of the peeler's all-plastic blade.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest, unbiased review.
124 My dogs don't normally like biscuits, but and they only hesitantly took to these.  These do smell of seafood, although alligator and chicken are also listed in the ingredients.  These break apart easily, but are small enough for big dogs as bit-sized treats.  UPDATE July 11, 2016:  I purchased the chicken variety and my dogs clearly preferred those over the Bayou blend.
125 The first cookie I had crumbled into many smaller pieces once I opened the package and the taste didn't impress me much. I tasted oats, mocha and molasses. There was no pronounced sugar aftertaste, which many may find appealing. The dough is chewy, but it does fall apart easily. The second cookie the following morning tasted better as I had gotten used to the taste.  However, the packaging allows for quick conveyance in a purse, backpack or jacket pocket which is a nice convenience for those on the go. A single cookie is also filling enough with a cup of coffee to get one through the morning.  So, in short, the taste is rather bland but the packaging allows for easy transport. Just be careful when opening the package that you don't toss your cookie!  Each cookie is 85g (60 fat calories) with 300 calories total.  Each cookie contains whole grain oats, unbleached wheat flour, prune puree, evaporated cane juice, chocolate chunks, lecitin, water, brown rice syrup,expeller, molasses, ground espresso, vanilla extract, baking soda, cinnamon,sea salt, soy lecitin,dried egg whites, baking powder.
126 I lead full moon hikes and take my dogs with me.  I also walk them just before sunset for up to an hour.  The white light is bright enough to illuminate the ground; as long as my dogs stay close by, I can do without my own flashlight. This light is the brightest collar light I've had.  The light clips on easily to the collar loop.  Press on the back and the light goes on.  Press on it again and it turns off.  There is no blinking mode.  This is the  size of a flattened ping-pong ball and takes two camera batteries.  Past experience tells me the batteries last three months with regular use.  Another thing I like about this light is that I can keep this on the collar all day.  When my dog drinks from her water bowl and this thing gets partially submerged, it still works.
127 We have several of these bowls around the house and yard.  I even have one in my van when I have dogs with me.  I use the one in the van for their water bowl.  Our older bowls have survived deep freezes and record desert heat and are still functioning.  The first ones we bought are now over ten years old and still intact, save for some sun fading of the color.  This bowl can even take being dropped a few feet on concrete.  It can be washed in the dish washer or by hand and is easy to clean.  The large opening is ideal for my large dogs. The wide, shallow bowl opening also prevents most spills.  I have two older bowls in trees to use as feeders.  Both are propped up by branches that hold the bowls in place to allow a plethora of birds to eat from the feeder at the same time.  This keeps the birds safe from the stray cats in our hood.  By the time any cat jumps up the trees, the birds have flown away.  If there's a complaint, it's that the sticker that's stuck to the bowl at purchase is hard to remove.  Whatever doesn't come off right away needs to soak in water to remove the residue.
128 I like this mix.  It has plenty of sunflower seeds, which the larger birds here like, and also smaller seeds like millet (small white balls) and milo (small reddish brown balls) for the sparrows and finches.  Peanuts, safflower and cracked corn are also in it.  The cracked corn is always the last to be eaten and is,  in my opinion, a waste as only the strong birds can eat it.  The last bag I bought also had a few what looked like dried fruit wrapped in millet/milo.  The eight-pound bag is easy to pour from.  Price jumps up and down on this product, so I only buy when it gets below ten bucks.
129 Terry Jones makes medieval English history absolutely fascinating.  If he had been my social studies teacher in high school I never would have been able to sleep in class because his presentation of all things quirky, quacky, off-the-wall and interesting come to life in this two-disk set.  From his animated lessons one learns that peasants were not as dumb as we may think they were, monks were not always as angelic as the church had us believe, damsels in distress were just a figment of the church and the minstrel's life was nothing it was drummed up to be.  The church was run like a business during the medieval ages and as many monks, abbotts and merchants tried to get rich at the same time.  And if they could get away with sex, they had that, too.  But you won't find that in church documents!  Jones presents the lessons with a sense of humor, appearing in each skit in era costume and dry humor.  Some of the animation appears Monty Pythonesque. But what sells this work is his use of primary source documents.  Jones knows his history and he knows how to weave every bit of everyday life into one significant picture.  Although some of the subjects may be taboo for a high school class, (especially a Catholic high school class!) any history buff would be delighted with this set of medieval lives.
130 My dogs certainly liked these.  But I'm not a dog and I didn't care for the strong smell nor the greasy, wet feel of these. The pieces stick to each other, too, so some pieces come out as huge blobs of greasy matter.  My chicken-loving GSD at first refused her treat, spit it out, but when she saw the other four dogs take theirs, decided she would eat hers.  You do get quite a few pieces in this bag and the dogs chew on these for a while, but I will stick to the beef and chicken strips instead.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review
131 I ordered these in 8Long black.  I am only 5'7" but I like jeans that cover most of the back of my shoes.  These jeans do just that.  They arrived within a week.  They are perfectly sized for me and are soft and not too thick.  The back pockets are deep enough to securely keep a wallet.  My only gripe is that the buttonhole is not reenforced.  I'm afraid that with time the hole will get worn out.  They are made in Mexico.
132 The GED is now administered via computer.  This makes the test taking a bit different from the older version of paper and pencil. While the subject areas are the same, this computer version requires some ease at taking tests via computer.  The plus to computer-testing is the convenience of location, but the grading is still the same as in the paper version.  The downside is that one must know how to use a keyboard and mouse.  Each area has a time limit.  Anyone considering taking the GED must be familiar with the subject area and test format.  This book helps in both areas.  There are four major sections on the GED:  Language Arts, including literacy components, grammar, an essay.  Format is multiple choice, fill-in-the-blank.  The Science test is 90 minutes long and concentrates on human health and living systems and energy and related systems.  There is also mathematical reasoning, where the answers come in via multiple choice, fill-in-the-blank and drop-down menus.  The entire test is seven hours long.  A minimum required score is 150 in each section.  Every state has different requirements as to how often one can retake the test.  The sample questions provided in this book mimic actual test questions. Answers are explained toward the back of the book. There are endless tips all throughout this book that the test-taker should take seriously.  Study guides for the four subject areas can be found online, and the author recommends taking a good year to thoroughly prepare for this test.  The paper in this book appears to be recycled paper.  Highly recommend that a serious GED-taker read through this book before taking the test
133 "Derived from hydrolized feather meal, meat meal, bone meal, blood meal and sulfate of potash."  It smells like a bird cage, but it's not an offensive smell (to me).  The stuff comes in lightweight, medium granules that spreads easily.  I'm happy because my dogs don't seem too interested in eating this despite the bone meal content, something I had trouble with with other brands.  This stuff does seem to help m new grass seed grow sooner, compared to other parts of the lawn where I did not apply this.
134 My grandson is a big Minecraft fan.  Most of his Christmas presents were Minecraft-themed.  So I decided to get him this creeper shirt, since kids his age (he will be seven years old in April) love glow-in-the-dark clothes.  And what better logo than the creeper?  Creepers are cool.  I bought this shirt in combination with green jeans and he loves the color combination.  My grandson is tall and lanky, so a size SMALL fits him well.
135 I have a 12-year-old Aussie Shepherd mix, Sammy, who suffers from arthritis.  He's been on glucosamine for several years now, so giving this stuff to Sammy was for maintenance, to maintain the level of mobility he's achieved through regular dosages of glucosamine.  Giing him this formula has kept him at the same level as before he started on this several weeks ago  Sammy easily takes anything that is edible, so giving him this over his canned kibble was no problem. I can see where dogs who hate taking tablets or anything else orally  may prefer this liquid version over their canned or dry kibble. This stuff is nearly tasteless, there is only a faint taste of sweetness.  Giving him this stuff twice a day has kept him mobile and pain-free.  I was provided a free sample in exchange for a review
136 I am torn by this.  The preparation is easy as all that is required is to open the package and pour it over the beef.  This part is idiot-proof.  But I found the taste too vinegary and a tad too salty.  I didn't taste much mushroom, either.  It was mostly a thick dark-brown gelatinous sauce.  I don't want to totally "dish" this product, as for some people making gravy is very time-consuming in our busy world.  But the taste of this gravy is not home-made at all.  Use this only if the original gravy has been ruined somehow.  Add real mushrooms and beef bits to this.  Certainly no additional salt is required, but others may find the saltiness appealing.
137 I am not a runner anymore, but I have discovered hands-free leashes earlier this year.  They are great for those of us who need their hands for other things, like cameras (I'm an avid photographer and hiker), hiking poles or other gear.  The waistband is adjustable, the leashes either loop around the belt or can be attached by the metal hooks.  The leashes themselves also can be used separately as hand-held leashes.  The leashes are six feet long.  These are designed for strong dogs that tend to pull, or for younger dogs still experiencing leash training. The bungee elastic inside them does stretch when the dog pulls, but the animal must use force.  This elastic takes the strain out of the hand and arms when the animal suddenly pulls.  The reflective material in the cord shines when light is aimed at it.  It's not a bright reflection, but it does help to be seen when walking dogs at night in the hood.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
138 This collection of very short stories by mostly unknown writers of all backgrounds, shows all aspects of motherhood, from real to surrogate to adopted or in guardianship, and range from funny to sweet to sad.  There isn't a topic of motherhood that is overlooked here.  "Peanut Butter and Jelly" by Taya Dunn Johnson is a particular sad one, and one that made me stop to think about what it must be like to come from an intact family, marry a man from an intact family, have all intents of raising an intact family, and yet through sudden death, the dreams don't work out.  The son that is born is autistic, leaving a widowed mother having to raise the boy by herself.  It's overwhelming.  Another touching story by is Eddy Jordan, "My Mother the Protector," a short summary of the mother he loved, who was strong and courageous, but lost her third battle with breast cancer.  Mothers of all kinds learn to love a child, raise a child, and then learn to say good-bye.  Even as an adult, though, that child is still the mother's child, until that mother becomes an old mother and needs mothering herself.  These stories take one concept and write about that love, loss or grief.  Not all the stories have an emotional impact.  Some are rather so-so.  The individual writers are briefly profiled at the end of the book. Some are blog writers, some are stay-at-home moms, some are playwrights, writers, comedians.
139 My 13-year-old Aussie shepherd mix Sammy has had severe arthritis now for at least four years, and it's gotten pronounced this past year where he has trouble getting his hind legs up in the morning after resting.  I rotate his pain medication between glucosamine and aspirin, as long-term effects of aspirin on dogs is well-known to cause even worse issues with dogs.  These treats are almost the diameter of a US Quarter.  They are semi-soft and easily broken in half.  Lucky for Sammy, he eats anything, and these big treats seem to be tasty as he takes these right away.  I have seen no improvement in Sammy and did't expect to see any due to his age, but I have also not seen any worsening while he's been getting these.  These are crumbly, and do dry out if left in an open bag.  (The bag is small with a resealable closure).  The treats smell slightly musky but are not offensive or greasy.  Inactive ingredients include cane molasses, canola oil, dried chicken liver, glycerin.  Contains 500 mg of glucosamine, 250 mg of green lipped mussel, 120 mg of ocean kelp,  100 mg of methyl, 50 mg of chondroitin, 25 mg of boswella, 9.5 mg of Omega 3 EPA, 6.5 mg of Omega 3 DHA
140 This is one big book!  There are ample questions in math, English, social studies, science, with good test practice reviews.  This is a perfect book for someone who has the basic knowledge in all areas down, but who may be lacking simple school credit for graduation.  The introductory part explains what a test taker should expect, and what to prepare for.  This is not a book for those who are struggling or who lack the basic concepts in the core areas.  For that, additional materials like a tutor or online instruction is highly recommended.  This is also a decent book for those who want to review GED material.  The paper is thin newspaper quality, but for as big as this book is, this is to be expected.
141 Readers who enjoy detailed character development, "The Automobile Club of Egypt" by Alaa Aswany is one story in which character development is important.  It may take a while, but it all comes out in the open at the end.  This is thus a long narrative filled with at times lyrical prose, and at other times more descriptive prose.  This is the story of two very different Egyptian families, the Hamama and the Gaafar families, their servants, friends and neighbors.  This is the 1950s and Egypt is in turmoil, with historical background given from the 1890s.  It is presented in alternating third and first-person perspective.  The reference to the Automobile Club is to the English upper-class of Egypt who are wealthy enough to own and drive cars in Cairo.  It is a club closed to Egyptian commoners  Even the native wealthy  Egyptians have to prove their worth. This early historical introduction lays out the premise of the story, which is a class struggle between both Egyptian and English and how the two major families deal with the uprisings. The death of one of the protagonists brings this to light. This narrative works because it alternatives between third person and first person (voices of the Gaafar siblings), shimmering a light on the two major class struggles. The end speaks out to what has been going on in Egypt ESPECIALLY in the last decade.  This may require a careful watch for those who are following the Arab Uprising, for others it may keep readers wondering.  This is a beautifully detailed novel (albeit long) of contemporary Egypt that narrates class struggles without all the graphic violence we have seen recently from religious extremists.
142 This set of silverware doesn't deserve to be among the rest of my spoons, knives and forks.  This set is just too nice!  While my daily set has plastic handles, this set is all stainless steel with a copper hue.  Every piece is formed from one solid cut of metal.  The look alone oozes quality. There is quite a bit of heft in each piece, too.  No worries of bending these by accident!  The knife can cut through slabs of meat well, too.  This is something one uses at a dinner party, a wedding, a high-end conference.  And of course one would need to buy at least two sets for company.  This silverware leaves no aftertaste, something I've noticed with other eatery made from steel.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
143 This is an easy read but also a witty read. Yes, it's about a convalescing woman who wonders where her 13-year-old tabby had gone off to for five weeks, returning well-fed and a different cat. After a GPS and catcam are installed on the cat's collar, the story begins of Tibby, who meanders his San Franciscan neighborhood. The author leaves no stone unturned in figuring out where her cat hangs out.  This short read is replete with funny illustrations and whimsical observations that takes a different look at cat love that also sheds light on the behavior of cats. Five stars for originality, four stars for style. It's a nice stocking stuffer, and perhaps even a nice book to gift someone else who is a convalescing cat person.
144 I'm an avid hiker and needed something solid for my Canon Rebel EOS with its lightweight EF-S 18-55mm kit lens.  This little tripod takes care of most shots where I need a steady hold, or for those self-portrait shots when I'm hiking alone.  Although I wouldn't recommend putting this foot-long tripod high on a thin rock, this device does provide enough security for cameras placed on large boulders or wide tree branches.  The legs move out in various positions quite easily and take good hold to most surfaces.  The light weight of this tripod make this an ideal hiking addition to the outdoors photographer.
145 My very first experience eating a CLIF bar was 20 years ago while training for a marathon.  I got so sick afterwards I never had another CLIF bar.  (I was probably too dehydrated) These fruit smoothie bars are nothing like the original CLIF bars.  These are edible!  I have the Tart Cherry and you taste the tart cherry.  There is no chemical or artificial aftertaste.  It's grainy and on the dry side.  The filling has the texture of peanut butter (that's what I originally thought this was!)  These bars are good for both backpacking or as a packed snack between meals.
146 This is quite a haunting story.  It begins with unexplained and multiple whale strandings along a Bahamanian island.  These strandings increase and no one knows why.  The first of many people involved in solving the mystery of the whale deaths is Ken Balcomb, who is well portrayed in the beginning.  But there are many more, some who are whale researchers like Balcomb, others are marine biologists and US Navy personnel.  The narrative is full of each person's personal story of how they became involved in their work.  The pace is constant, but the focus is often sidetracked. The story drags when discussing the personal stories, or even when it gets detailed in animal anatomy or with the history of whaling.  The author also sidesteps often to talk about dolphins, but both dolphins and whales are marine animals and often face the same troubles of stranding or being recklessly hunted.  Kudos for author Josh Horwitz for uncovering the US Navy's side, as its research on sonar and deep undertwater sound waves is crucial to improvements in naval research and technology.  Many high-ranking Navy personnel were reluctant to come forward, and with good reason, as the research on sonar helps detect enemy ships (but also harms whales).  How to come to a peaceful resolution?  This is the best part of the narrative.  This would be an excellent read if the author could stay focused on just the recent battles between environmentalists and the military.  For the common reader who may not understand marine life, or even the history of whaling or marine behavior, this is a good read.
147 If you read this to a five-year-old, s/he will listen intently.  However, by not understanding the background of the story, the child may ask a lot of questions.  If you don't know the answer, you will understand that that is because the answer is in previous books.  If s/he is still confused, s/he will lose interest.  That's when I stop reading.  It was a little confusing to me, but I did like the theme of love and unity.  Finally a fantasy story without violence or really bad people.  This is a good series for those families not wanting to expose violence to children.  But start with the first book!
148 There are two components to this book that deserve to be critiques:  the writing by author Liao Yiwu and the translation by Wenguang Huang.  While the story is at times not an easy read, the graphic details are both enticing and depressing as Yiwu describes his four year imprisonment for publishing a protest poem about Tianan9omen Square in the summer of 1989.  Yiwu is himself an admitted womanizing drifter.  He is honest about his flaws.  He describes himself as a poet, an intellectual man deserving of better treatment.  Once he is in prison, though, his attitude becomes that of a struggling survivor, who will  go as low as his torturing guards.  Yiwu describes scenes of animalistic behavior between guards and prisoners, men and women and everything goes.  Parts of this book are therefore hard to read as they contain profanity and some rather graphic sexual encounters.  The book's second, third and fourth parts are about the investigation, detention and imprisonment.  All describe brutality from both the guards and the prisoners, reminding readers of so many war movies.  Yiwu doesn't miss anything.  He details to the smallest atom how life is in the Chinese prison system, and how "political prisoners" are especially despised.  I have to laud the author for his honesty.  While he may not be a true hero, he survived his ordeal and his honesty in relaying his four years as a prisoner should be noted by even the casual reader.
149 This story begins with suspense and is hard to put down.  You actually feel like you are a part of the setting.  Author Terry Lynn Johnson captures the voice of the girl very well by writing this in first-person narrative.  Victoria is fiercely independent and knows what she is going, but things go wrong and she quickly learns to get into survival mode. The setting is very important here, and one can feel, see and smell the cold.  As in most teen books, the girl likes the boy but that is not the focal point of this story. Young dog lovers will enjoy this story, and, while it's written with a female lead, should also be attractive to boys.  This is a fast-paced story that many readers will enjoy.
150 Pig skin is naturally quite oily and that includes the ears.  While these do have a sheen, they aren't greasy, nor do they smell.  My five dogs all took to these and chomped away on these crispy treats.  The ears aren't treated with any chemicals, preservatives or additives.  They smell natural.  One can see ring holes and tattoos, as well as prominent veins and arteries in the ears.  On some ears I can even see the tiny hairs. Each ear weighs anywhere from 1.2 ounces to 1.5 ounces and the entire bag weighs in at around 16 ounces.  The bag is a plain clear plastic bag with no resealable opening, but something this tasty for my dogs would never last long anyway.  Bought October 24th via a Lightning Deal
151 This book is quite a surprise.  I thought this would be about changing our education system, and in many ways, it is about this.  But our education system has become what it has become because of the "financialization" (the author's word) of our banking system.  By the time I got to the third chapter, I was outraged.  But Jean Anyon makes a good point that this country has given our banks complete leeway.  By the time Bush 43 had taken office, banks were allowed to invest and take risks with consumers' monies.  Eight years later we see where that got us.  If there is no money for infrastructure and homes and cars can no longer be sold, then our economy falls to the gutter.  The poor only keep getting poorer and no one wants to invest in a poor neighborhood.  And yet it's these poor neighborhoods that need our help the most, because poor neighborhoods don't have the resources to help out with even the basic learning tools.  It's a vicious cycle that is well explained in the first half of this book.  Jean Anyon covers sociology, economics and education all in one book.  His writing style is easily comprehensible and he transitions from one subject to the next quite well.
152 I'm a big German Shepherd Dog (GSD) fan and my friends know it.  So having this very detailed mask in my office is not unusual.  It's well-made and definitely looks like a GSD.  There's even detail with the tartared teeth. This one, though, doesn't talk back to me.  The only problem is, one can't walk in this.  The only openings are through the nostrils and through the various whisker holes.  One has no peripheral vision.  If one sits down (like outside the door while passing out Halloween candy), this may be doable, but the latex would get hot over the head.  It's best used as a prank, like over one's vehicle headrest, so that people behind you think you're driving with a GSD as a passenger.  It won't get you into the HOV-lane, but it may scare the begeesus out of drivers behind you.  Or wear it when answering the front door when Kirby vacuum cleaner salespeople come by.  GSDs rock.  Can you spot the fake GSD in my photo?  I received a free sample in exchange for a review
153 I was in southern France once years ago.  Seeing these photographs tells me that part of France hasn't changed much.  It's a beautiful region worth spending three weeks in, which is how much time you'd need to tour all the suggested roads by car, stop and see the Roman ruins, museums and churches, and eat in family bistros.  From Roman history to rolling lavender-blooming hills and the Mediterranean coast, this is the part of France that requires a slower pace of travel.  Vincent Van Gogh and Monet were inspired by this region. Arles, Nimes and Nice are all towns on the route, but Avignon, the old French Vatican, is not on any of the driving tours.  It's going to be easy to overlook a good restaurant or scenic/historic spot in a book of this size.  There are plenty of good tips readers should take note of, like that lavender blooms in June, prices are much lower in the spring, and that many French take vacation in August.  All the French quirks are listed in the back.  Prices tend to fluctuate, so always back up information with a quick email to the shop/hotel owner.
154 This is a very basic hydration pack.  It carries enough water for one person for a day hike, or about a half gallon.  The first thing I noticed was the thinness of the bladder itself.  This bladder is thinner than a branded Camelpak bladder.  I was concerned this would leak, as what happened to other non-branded hydration packs I've tried.  The bladder comes disassembled, so you need to screw in the tube to the bladder.  My pack did not leak.  Ten hours later it still did not leak.  The bladder goes inside an internal sleeve of the carrier, but realistically there isn't much room for anything else.  There is an elastic strap on the outside to thread a thin windbreaker through, but anything inside this carrier would need to be protected from condensation from the bladder.  The shoulder straps are basic: adjustable mesh nylon with no padding.  There are reflective strips, one each, 2" x .5", on either strap.  The material against the back is a pliable plastic, which will provide some support.  There are also smaller reflective areas in the front, along the seams of the elastic band.  Before using this pack, I highly recommend to fill the bladder with water, let the water sit for a day, empty the water and let it dry out before using.  This helps remove that nasty plastic aftertaste from the silicone.  --> Free sample provided for review
155 These pumps are very durable.  I've been using the same pump for over a year for my Torani coffee syrups and have no problem with them whatsoever.  The fit is perfect and I never have syrup running down the side of the bottle. The only thing I make sure I do when changing the bottles is rinsing out the pump as sugar crystals can dry around the pump mechanism and cause the pump to get stuck.  Cleaning is easy:  just let the pump soak in clean, warm water (no soap necessary) and then pump water through it a few times to blast away the remaining sugar residue.  Maintaining these pumps this way prolongs the life of the pump.  This five-pack is the best deal on Amazon.  Others sold separately cost more by other shippers because of the added shipping costs.  A five-pack now allows me to keep several bottles of different syrup flavors available to chose from while making my morning cappuccino.
156 This stuff works.  I have a collie mix who thankfully loves baths.  I comb his fur, then wet it down.  I turn the nozzle one click over to open the valve and the shampoo comes out as a foam, saturating the fur without running down the sides.  Then I just massage the foam in with my hands.  It is non-irritating to me and the dog.  This shampoo is lightly scented with aloe extract but contains no parfums.  It does contain sulfates.  INGREDIENTS: Purified Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Glycerin, Lauramine Oxide, Panthenol, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizinate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Allantoin, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Tremella Fuciformis Sporocarp (Mushroom) Extract, Sodium Phytate, Polyquaternium-7, Fragrance, DMDM Hydantoin, Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate, Citric Acid.
157 This coffee creamer looks, feels and tastes like sweetened condensed milk, even though there is no milk in this product.  It doesn't take much to lighten a cup of coffee, so despite the high price of this bottle, it does go a long way.  Users need to read the directions for screwing on the pump top, though, as once it's screwed on, it stays on and does not come off.  While it tastes good, I feel more comfortable drinking my coffee with real milk creamer.  This is a decent product for busy offices, where refrigeration is not required.  For the current price of over USD13, though, this is a tough sell for the average coffee drinker.
158 All my dogs took to these heavy, compressed rawhide sticks.  My dogs are big dogs and gnaw on these for a good hour before it's gone.  It may take a while for one end to get soft from dog slobber, but then the soft parts are easily bitten into and swallowed.  It's a nice way to keep the dogs occupied.  I agree that these are mostly odor-free.  There is a slight odor when these get slobbered on, but it's an odor dogs like.  I have smelled much worse coming out the other end of a dog's butt.  First purchased as a Lightning Deal on Oct 19.
159 This 30" bed fits perfectly in my large metal wire crate, taking up half the crate and allowing enough room for a water and food bowl on the other side.  There is enough padding on the sides for the dog's head to lay on soft support.  This bed came with a slight plastic smell as it arrives in a clear sealed plastic bag, but it didn't take long for my 45-pound dog to call this bed his.  His entire body fits in this. This bed is washable.
160 I have been wearing my pair since late 2011 and they are still going strong.  The seams are holding and the soles are still intact.  I like these around the house and for fetching the mail, which requires us to walk across crushed gravel.  While the material has gotten a bit soft and the grip isn't as firm, these still keep my feet warm and are useful for around the house.  I'd buy these again!
161 I liked this book and don't understand why others were not engaged with this story.  It's funny, well-written and full of historical trivia. Maybe TOO much history, as according to other reviewers she gets too engrossed in that part of her travel.  I find travelogues with no historical references quite boring.  It's apparent that Polly did her research and made us want to read more.  She had lived in Spain for a year in central-western Spain studying the language and culture, so she knew her subject matter.  Good travel books talk about the history of the villages so that the readers have reasons to want to read the book.  I think she succeeds.  She doesn't overdo herself but lets the readers know she's not the best cyclist nor the best travel planner.  She can enjoy a trip on her own by taking time to cycle around Spain.  She covered the major towns and travelled throughout the country.  She could have done the boring and predictable thing and taken a car instead.  But then those rainy nights on village roads wouldn't have been so inspirational.  I will read her other books soon.  I like her self-deprecating style.
162 These shirts are a great base layer.  The material is a soft 92% polyester and 8% elastane which provides some stretch. The shirts can be worn independently, although they are thin and one can see any underclothing like bras with this on. The cut is very feminine and still very practical.  The material is both cool in the summer and warm in the winter.  The fit is long and covers most of my butt, but is not saggy in any way.  I have several of these shirts in various colors that I use as camisoles under my work clothes, so that after I leave school, I can quickly head out to my favorite urban trail for a power walk.  The material wicks moisture away without leaving me cold.  My only complaint is the extra-long tag in the back.  I cut them off because they irritate my back.
163 I'm outside a lot.  On weekends I enjoy long day hikes when weather permits.  I've learned a while ago that these towels are worth their weight in gold.  They have multiple uses:  as a bandanna around the neck to stay cool, as head cover to keep the sun off the scalp, as a dickie to keep the upper chest warm, as a towel after washing one's face or hands, as a dog scarf, or as a tourniquet in emergencies.  These are lightweight and thin, and best to wash them in a mesh bag so that it doesn't get swirled around the washer's center pole.  The price is right as well.  I'm not sure why there is such a price discrepancy between colors, though.
164 Tom and Arlene live in an old house with barn right off the interstate.  The Department of Transportation cut their land in half for the new interstate in the 1960s but Tom and Arlene stayed.  This is their story of how they have survived the last 50 years, with cheerful anecdotes, fine wisdom and quirky incidents.  This couple is in many ways the typical Midwestern family.  They work hard and live hard, and yet take time out to enjoy the simple things like grandchildren, garden relics, and shooting off an old canon from time to time.  Michael Perry's narrative is descriptive and passionate, and the reader will feel as if s/he's right there in the living room watching the story unfold.  This is a heart-warming dedication from one man to another man.  One man is seeking wisdom and the other man is seeking friendship with the outside world.  The combination works.
165 My five dogs are big dogs and they take a while to finish one of these.  Nothing remains of these sticks.  The dogs prance around for a while with one of these sticks in their mouths, then find a quiet place to chew on these in the shade.  This is another great treat made by this company.  Nothing has ever made my dogs sick.  This company tends to use meats sourced from Australia or Europe.  The sticks come in various widths but all are around 12" long. Thee are just like the 6" bully sticks in consistency by the same company.  I give the fatter sticks to my hiking dogs, and the thinner ones to my two fat dogs.  They like to hold these upward and chew on an end, thereby prolonging the time it takes to eat these.  The ends slobber up and get soft and then the dogs bite down.  These don't splinter or cause cuts on the dogs' mouths.  As for odor, they only smell upclose, but these are for dogs and not people.  The odor does not linger in the hands.  I received a free bag to test and review, and I will be buying more of these.
166 I have always wanted a pair of these boots. It doesn't get arctically cold in southern Arizona, but it does get below freezing for a few days at a time. That's when my entire legs get cold. These boots fit the bill not just for a warm and efficient boot for those cold, dry desert winter days, but also for indoor shoes when your feet need more cover than what wool socks can provide.  The soles have also a slightly lifting arch, so you aren't walking flat-footedly.  For style, you can roll over a good inch or two from the top of the boot to expose real wool and giving the boot a lower cut that some may prefer.  These boots are best worn with pants that you tuck into the boot. The wide cut around the leg allows for ample room for material. Wearing these boots with bare legs may be less warm. I also wouldn't recommend wearing these on slushy, muddy days; the boots aren't waterproof.  I wear my boots with socks as despite the size 8 that I wear and ordered, my size 8 boots feel a little large without socks.  My one complaint is that after only three day-long wears the tan leather stained from street moisture.  Even after brushing the leather clean the color never retained its hue and now looks badly stained.  I thus knocked down one star for this boot.
167 I had originally bought this last bag of BB Freedom for my upcoming road trip; something to feed my dogs while on the road.  I instead opened it and fed it to all the dogs, seeing as the food bucket was nearing empty.  My dogs really like this stuff!  It all goes in and out of the dogs with ease.  It's made from deboned chicken, chicken meal, tapioca starch,  potatoes, peas, tomato pomace, chicken fat, just to list the top seven listed ingredients.  So there's plenty of filler here but at least it's easily digestible filler.  The kibble is a medium size kibble of a medium brown color.  The guaranteed analysis is protein 24%, crude fat is 14%, crude fiber is 6%, moisture is 10%.  Omega 3 and 6 and glucosamine are added to this kibble, which is what I like.
168 My grandson is tall and slender and six years old.  This set fits him in the shoulders but is long in length and that's OK.  What I like about this set and the brand in general is that it keeps my grandson very warm in extreme cold weather.  The fleece is zipped into the outer layer, but the fleece can be removed and the zipper that  zips the fleece into the outer layer then becomes its own zipper for the fleece sweater.  The outer layer is waterproof, something that will come in handy when heavy snow falls and my grandson wants to build snow castles.  This may be a pricey set, but you get two jackets, a dense fleece sweater and an outer rain jacket, and together they provide the same warmth as a down jacket with far less bulk.  This is something to consider when one has active boys.
169 This is a handsome and practical alarm  and bedside clock with vision-protecting backlight for those nighttime checks.  It weighs 6.4 ounces. The measurements given here are slightly off, though. My sample measures  2.78 In * 5.43In * 1.77 In, a perfect dimension for the hand, but perhaps a bit too large for travelers, as there are smaller clocks like these for that.  All settings for this clock are in the back of this device, above the battery compartment. The various units of time/date/temperature are easy to set.  The far right switch sets the time and date.  Buttons for the year/ AM mode and temperature are in the center.  The alarm modes are on the far left. When the alarm is set, a "Zz" symbol will show up in the middle of the digital display.  The temperature can either measure Celcius or Fahrenheit by pressing on the TEMP/MIN button. It seems to tabulate the temperature inside the home.  The clock's mechanisms are very quiet.  There is no audible ticking sound.  Buttons and switches are easy to use and all functions are easy to set.  The digital display is large and quite legible in any light except for direct sunlight.  This clock takes three AAA batteries which are not included.  I received a free sample in black in exchange for a review.
170 I bought four of these to accompany my Canon S90 on a three-week backpacking trip.  These batteries did not disappoint.  A full-charged battery lasted around 330 outdoor photographs, or 120 using flash only.  Mine fit nicely inside my battery slot.  Only downfall?  It takes around four hours to charge up!
171 I was pleasantly surprised of the warm details Laura Bush includes in this book/audio version.  The first two discs are about her early years in West Texas; she doesn't meet George until the end of the second disc.  And that is fine, as her life is just as interesting even without George in it.  Narrated by Laura herself, the audio version is a lovely narrative of life in Texas and then being the president's wife.  The two almost contradict each other, because as soon as she becomes the Governor's wife and later the President's wife her story becomes George's story and some of that charm is lost. Yet she never loses her passion for life, never has a discouraging word to say about others, and she never loses her love for George.  All that is quite honorable from a woman who had so many fans and haters while serving as First Lady.  I thought this was a wonderful memoir from a First Lady.  I found it much more enjoyable (and more believable) than Hillary Clinton's version.  Having Laura narrate it adds a nice Texas charm.  And before I get bashed, let me add that I definitely did not vote for Laura's husband either time.  This book and its honesty, however make it hard to dislike Laura.  She remains a classy woman despite the serious presidential flaws of her husband.  People who bash this memoir really ought to read/listen to this with an open mind.  Although she reveals no secrets, her insights provide nice stories about life in the White House and her duties as First Lady.  A great addition for anyone who enjoys presidential books or First Lady narratives.
172 This is quite a collection.  I like Paul Theroux's earlier non-fiction and decided to give this a try.  He's a great talent at describing scenery, or pointing out peoples' odd traits.  And while he does both very well in this collection of short stories, I found all the characters odd.  I could not feel any empathy for any of them.  Perhaps this is a sign that Theroux has gotten cranky and cynical with age.  A repeated theme is loss and destruction.  Whether a man was destroying priceless art, destroying raccoons,  destroying trust, killing egos, each story left me wondering at the end of each story.  Every story has a bizarre twist, an unexpected end.  These stories are biting, no doubt, but I fail to see the humor in any of them.  If you like the bizarre, then perhaps this collection may delight you.  I feel odd not liking these stories at all.
173 This book is intended for users of a Samsung S8/8+, so it helps to already have one available to follow through on the text.  For people with the S7 and older, there are some noticeable improvements.  For me, it's with the camera.  Most everything else, such as settings, using the internet, are all well-known to most smartphone users.  The camera and the various apps for it on this phone are impressive.  So is Bisby, the voice app. These are covered in Part IV and V of the book. Hughes goes through the various effects that are new with the S8 and goes through the steps of using the voice app.  The Samsung S8 is an impressive phone and Hughes makes sure you know how to work all the bells and whistles with this how-to book.
174 I bought four of racks in various colors during several Lightning Deals as my garage looks like a trash dump. These shelves are heavy, sturdy and hold 250 pounds per shelf on wheels. My units aren't nearly that stressed with weight. I appreciate the wheels and I appreciate the portability of this thing. The shelves are five feet high, which looks short, but that's before the boxes go on these.  One of the shelves is bronze and the top rack is slightly dented on one side and warped across the top. It's noticeable but it's not going to bother me much because soon I'll have all my shelves covered in heavy boxes. I think that is why my bronze shelf was $20 cheaper than the pewter ones. The pewter ones feel heavier and stronger.  Assembly is easy. Even the directions are easy to understand and are written in coherent English. Place enclosed wheels in their holes on the bottom, unlatch the hook that's fastened on one side of the shelf and then expand the system open. My sample should last me many years. I will buy more whenever these go on sale.
175 The first two chapters of this book were about the writer's life in Jerusalem, and, honestly, didn't fit in with the aura of this book.  The rest of the book, however, written in first-person intimate, was at times both bitter-sweet as well as defeatist.  Describing scenes over a three-year period, we read about Iraqis both cheering the defeat of Saddam Hussein and cursing the presence of American troops in the country.  Strong believers in the occult, some of the death and dying scenarios can leave a western reader turned off to the Iraqi mentality.  The one theme I noticed while reading along was the growing attitude of the writer against the war, not so much because of the Iraqis' learned helplessness, but also because we read that after three years of American presence, little progress had been made. Iraqis loved us and hated us.  Now they want us to leave.  The book ends in 2006, as the height of the Iraqi war took an average of 90 American (and countless Iraqi) lives per month.  Three years later all this may seem like old news (and in fact, nothing that Hider describes is new to me), but we are reminded in great detail how an entire country was changed in the course of the American presence.  Had this book been released in 2007 I would have given this five stars, but, alas, this is one more book about Iraq and the Iraqis.  What the reader takes from this depends on the reader's political point of view.  One question for the publisher:  the UK version of the book cover is more appealing than the US version.  I think this book's attractiveness would have helped more using the photograph used from the UK version.
176 These treats have been around since I was old enough to take care of my own cats.  My cats like these crunchy treats and it's a nice change for cats that eat mostly canned food. My cats show no preference to a flavor.  The ingredients aren't the best. Give two treats a day per cat.  The bags are resealable.  The four-pack is better priced that the six-pack.
177 This memoir may not be for everyone. Gary Shteyngart is open and blunt about himself and his observations. His personal habits may revolt some readers. But his openness and honesty and his bizarre Monty Pythonesque humor, along with his natural talent at the pen, make this a very enjoyable read. I find it very refreshing.  Memories of life in Leningrad (St Petersburg) and then in New York City go back and forth. Shteyngart is a sickly Jewish boy who is coddles by his very Jewish mother, whose dreams for him are high. But young Gary is a hyper, overwhitty boy who us a challenge for his parents. He can't sit still and has a comeback for everything. Eventually that wit is transformed into a writing talent. The family comes to this country as poor people, and work themselves up through the working class, living the immigrant dream of a good life.  Some readers may get annoyed at the constant humoring of everything. But life in post WWII Russia was not easy, nor was it easy for Jewish citizens, who were forced to emigrate to the United States. Shteyngart loves his family, his parents and grandma, and that love shows through with the many quirky dialogues he reflects upon.
178 This is an excellent overview of the last 40 years of American politics.  The illustrations alone summarize the polarizing themes of the times. It's these illustrations that summarize this book by Gary Reichard, starting with Nixon and Detente and then Watergate, the abandonment of Idealism of the late 1970s, the rise of the Right under Reagan, a new World (Dis)Order under Bush41, the deepening Divide under Clinton and a Post Cold War Diplomacy, and deeper Polarization under Bush43 and Obama.  What I like about this narrative, as all good historical text should read, is the lack of any emotive vitriol.  Reichard presents this tumultous history as it happened, based on documented facts and verified by presidential letters, diaries and signed documents.  Some politicians won and others lost, and with that policies changed in this country that not only affected domestic policy but also foreign affairs toward Central and South America, the Soviet Union and the breakup of the Warsaw Pact, and our current situation with the Middle East.  Reading this text reminds me of how I remember the last 40 years of my country's politics, no holes barred.  I can see this being required reading for an entry-level political science course in college.
179 I bought a pair of brown aprons for my son who works as a cook.  They came with a heavy crease down the middle (just like in the photograph shown) and immediately washed them to get the crease out and the chemical smell out.  The smell came out in the first wash, but the crease remains.  Otherwise, this cotton-poly blend apron does its job.  It's not a very thick apron.  It covers the upper thigh for most people, just like in the photograph, but it serves its job.  The dark color hides some of the grease stains that never come out despite the best grease removers.
180 This was another big hit with my four dogs, the youngest being six years old.  Each dog woofed a can down within a minute, even the peas that were in this stew.  They licked up the brothy sauce that made dumping the contents into a bowl easily.  The stuff looks like human stew, but isn't salted.  It's not overly fragranced, either. The sauce encouraged my finicky GSD to eat some of the dry kibble underneath this stew. My dogs are active hiking dogs and benefit from glucosamine.
181 George Carlin in his younger days (70s and 80s) was at the height of his career. This audio book, however, except for a few excerpts from "Braindroppings," is more of a rant against social views.  Here is Carlin not so much as a comedian, but as a social commentator.  Take  "Napalm and Silly Putty:" it's an angry rant about things that annoy him.  I am a big fan of Carlin's earlier works when he would philosophize about something off-the-wall and make people both laugh and then think about what he said. In this audio book, though, it's one expletive after the other, so be warned.  This is the mature Carlin There IS a difference between angry rants and funny rants. Carlin has delivered amusing rants in his younger years and his delivery all made the difference (his voice, his three-second pause, his eyebrow lift, his smirk). Obviously on an audiobook one can't see his face, but one can hear his anger.  Good humor is funny because it's truth delivered with some exaggeration.  This collection is more anger than humor.  The interview with Terry Gross is pleasing and so is Carlin's piece on "stuff" which is more in line with Carlin's older rants.  This is a collection of the older, more mature Carlin and he is speaking his mind
182 I love photography and ordered this book with a little trepidation:  would this book be a bit too advanced for my amateur talents?  Surprisingly, this book is not.  Phillip Andrews' simple vocabulary and step-by-step imaged procedures help the reader/photographer follow along.  And in the end the reader learns additional skills that result in the same finished product.  I have versions 3, 5 and 7 on various computers.  Mr Andrews references older versions to compare Elements 7 to these popular version, giving people like me a quick understanding of what he is referencing.  There are 14 chapters in this manual:  Basic Elements workflow, scanner and camera techniques, RAW files, photo organization and management, editing (layering), shortcuts, darkroom (desktop)techniques, retouching, photo restoration, photo panoramas, web abilities, free-form  photo collages, priniting, and other tricks to Photoshop.  Although the photographer/reader will need to understand the basics of digital photographer (know camera settings, usages and basic workings of older Elements versions, this compact, fully-illustrated book gets the job done.
183 Kids don't want to have a binder for more than one school year.  Binders are notoriously thrown in the dumpster at the end of the year.  This binder, although well-built, looks like it could make it through the first semester.  The outer lamination is loose and wrinkly, and the inside lamination is bubbly and also very loose.  Maybe added loose paper is the trick here.  Maybe more paper will fill out the void and get rid of the bubbles.  The inside has two layers of clear lamination that will hold a good 30 sheets of paper per slot.  This is designed for a student with a heavy class load, and who doesn't care about perfection.
184 After my last trekking pole disaster just a few weeks ago, I decided this time to really test the new pole.  It held up without collapsing or the bottom cable from coming undone.  My sample weighs 8.7 ounces.  This pole comes delivered in its own black vinyl pouch with two different-sized snow baskets tied to the handle, and an extra tip.  The bottom is covered in a rubber tip ideal for pavement.  Just unscrew that top for dirt trails for better grip.  The ensemble works with a snap closure that truly does hold its pressure.  The handle is foam rubber with a thin vinyl wrist strap.  This pole collapses easily for easy transport in a backpack and quickly assembles as a unit.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
185 My dogs took to these.  These are easily broken into smaller pieces but they do create crumbs.  These look like biscotti cut into 3-inch pieces, but contain only beef, brown rice and dried sweet potato.  There is a faint smell of beef to these if one gets up close.  Guaranteed analysis says this has min 25% crude protein, min 2% crude fat, max 5% crude fiber and max 12% moisture.  The bag is resealable, but with five big dogs this is at best a two-day supply.  I noticed a USD 1.80 increase since I bought this bag a week ago, thus I took away one star.  These are great for four bucks, but at almost six bucks, this gets pricey.
186 You can't beat the style of this harness.  It has a cushioned chest bib that is made from soft neoprene.  It lays gently against the dog's body and doesn't cut into the skin.  Poorly-made harnesses can do some damage to a dog's diaphram if they are not wide enough in this area.  The canvas straps have reflective fibers in them so evening walks are a bit safer.  There is an extra little loop to latch tags on.  The hook to the leash is metal.  My one disappointment is the sizing.  The vendors have made it explicitly clear to make sure you measure the chest area properly. Our little chow girl is right at 24 inches around and the harness is just too tight on her.  She weighs 46 pounds and is lean in the chest  I was able to latch the harness, but it was noticeably tight around her.  If there were a way to expand these straps some more so that the straps around can expand another inch per side (for a total of two inches) that would be all I'd need to train my shy backyard dog on the leash and take her outside her yard for walks around the 'hood.  This is a well-made, bright and pretty harness.  But I think the manufacturer could expand that extra material that's bundled around the plastic snaps a bit more.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest review.
187 I haven't met a Febreze product I didn't care for, and the added plus to this package is the price!  Placing a filter into the old machine does add freshness to the vacuum, in this case, in my work area at the school.  Easy to unwrap, replace and get going, this filter eliminates the dusty old smell that is so prevalent in older, heavily-used machines.  This works and fits like the original filter, but the added scent is a plus
188 I am happy with this box of four bags.  Mine are fresh and unwrap easily.  The milk chocolate, toffee, caramel and peanuts inside a Snicker provide for quick energy.  These make nice sizes for office jars and parties.  Snicker's snack size bits have gotten smaller over the years, though.  While I do not recommend buying chocolates in the summer months, these bags come in a thick cardboard box that's placed inside another box, providing for protection against heat and falls.
189 This is the second Pastario mix I've tried now.  Both are OK but I find the taste rather bland.  This one has a slight gritty feel to it as well followed by a papery taste.  I only microwaved this one for two minutes and that was all that was needed, plus another two minutes to let the noodles saturate the water.  I recommend people nuke their cups for at least two minutes, check the cup, and nuke some more if there is still plenty of water remaining.  Otherwise going straight for 3.5 as directed on the cup may do nothing but dry out the noodles before they have a chance to cook.  I see the benefit of gluten-free noodles and people on a fluten-free diet may enjoy this, but I find the taste slightly off.  I also think the suggested price is too steep.
190 This is a nice concept that works most of the time.  Download the PUC app to your iPad and plug this device to any musical instrument that takes MIDI connection.  For me it was my son's electric guitar.  The hardest thing was getting the connection to work and to stay connected.  It's not a flawless attempt.  Two AA batteries are included in this package.  Downloading the app is easy, but getting it to stay connected is one thing that still needs work.
191 This little device is very accurate.  I placed it on all the fingers of both hands and got the same response, give or take one or two beats as that's just how hearts work.  Then I used my husband's hand for the same experiment, then several hiking friends of mine and we all agreed that this little device is very accurate.  One hiker was so impressed, she told me she was going to order her own oximeter.  The instructions are on the box itself and not in any enclosed manual.  The instructions read like a badly-translated Chinese paragraph, however, anyone with a medical background can quickly understand the usage, although the term "Photoelectric Oxyhemoglobin Inspection Technology" seems a tad awkward.  The battery is already included and in place, so the new user just presses the button on the top and then slides any finger into the clamp.  This does not hurt in any way, nor does one feel any electric curren.  There is a small, blue, rubberized cover for this thing  that is not shown in the ad photo.  The entire device fits easily into any pouch, backpack or first-aid kit.  I'm not sure this is physician grade, but for the casual user who understands her/his own heart rate, this is a reliable device for home use.  I received a free sample for an honest review.
192 I took a linguistics class in college last century and some of the points that Daniel Willingham mentions are based on socio-linguistics.  Kids learn by imitation and reading is a cumulative task, all based on previous knowledge.  Kids who get read to every day end up learning to read faster than those who don't get read to.  It all makes sense, and some of the points can also be addressed to second-language learners and those adults learning a foreign language for the first time.  Willingham may be a psychologist, but he can write in an engaging manner.  He uses plenty of examples that adults can then apply to children at home, making the parent more active in the child's learning stages.  His thesis is that reading is a circular habit.  If you have a positive attitude about reading, you will read more often, you will read well, and you will enjoy reading.  Young people who enjoy reading tend to be smarter about more things than kids who do not (or can not) read.  Parents who give their children an engaging story-telling experience will also help their children learn to read and enjoy reading.  Introducing non-fiction at an early age also makes children more interested in knowing more about their environment.  Willingham includes the internet and the many websites that help children learn to read.  With today's ever-increasing technology, there's so few good excuses now not to enjoy reading.  This book is ideal not just for teachers and parents to help engage children to read more, it also gives parents great examples to engage with their children.
193 Charles Mann is a talented science writer.  He takes two men and compares their lives and work in relation to science.  William Vogt and Norman Borlaug are two men who practically landed in their jobs by chance and became committed to their work all their lives.  Mann goes into great detail into their lives.  Both men became involved in the World War II effort.  Both faced many personal and financial struggles.  Anyone with a science background will be fascinated in Borlaug's tireless work on wheat strains and developing wheat more resistant to rust, all at a time before DNA was even known.  He laid the foundation for genetic work.  Vogt, on the other hand, took habitats and saw the relation between species; each species in the right balance benefit one another.  He fought land developers who preferred draining swamps and cutting down forests because he saw the need for balance in nature.  While not as fascinating as his wor 1493, for those who enjoy the science part this is a very good read.  Mann's writing includes the social context of the time and I enjoyed reading about Mexico and South America during the big war.  It's a shame that neither man is so little known, but this book puts them in history.  Mann doesn't favor either scientist, so the reader is left to decide on her own which man has done the most significant work.
194 Four out of my five dogs like these.  I do not like the oily, moist texture of these little sticks.  They are soft and crumbly, so ideal for toothless dogs, and can be broken into inch-long treats for training. But when you press down on one of these treats, you can see the oil ooze out.  These also contain sugar and molasses, cottonseed and rapeseed oils.  Guaranteed analysis: crude protein min 19%, crude fat min 12%, crude fiber  max 4%, moisture max 26%
195 I really like Hershey's higher end chocolates.  These kisses in turn are getting smaller and sweeter.  If Hershey's made a version with HALF the sugar as in this version, its stocks would soar.  This version has more sugar than chocolate in it.  The kisses come individually wrapped, so at least the temptation to eat the whole bag at once is curtailed by the constant unwrapping of the aluminum foil.  The kisses make a nice lunch treat. The foil is shiny and makes the kisses displayed anywhere look festive and bright.  This 66.7-ounce bag is a bit overpriced.  Look around here on Amazon.  Hersey's also sells 11-ounce bags of these almond kisses in six bags for under twenty bucks.  It's the same candy, only different packaging.
196 I volunteer at a shelter where getting reduced-price foods is always welcome.  I selected these to try on two young lab mixes that had been suffering from very lose stools for over a week.  Both dogs seemed otherwise healthy; they were stressing about being in a shelter.  I gave both dogs one of these bars for two days.  Both have shown great improvement.  Both dogs also seemed to like the taste of these things.  Are these a tad overpriced?  A bit, but they seem to work and that's still a lot cheaper than a vet visit.
197 These lights come tightly wrapped around one another, so caution must be used to unwrap these lights.  The entire string wraps into a bundle not much bigger than one's palm.  The lights themselves are small LEDs that turn on at the first shadows.  They aren't superbright, but they work great for outlining a raised garden bed, the edge of a walkway, or a window frame.  The battery needs a full day of direct sunlight to charge.  Then press the button on the back to activate the light and the lights will come on.  The lights are about four inches apart and create a white light just bright enough to illuminate a path.  My other solar lights have been coming on at dusk since October and turning off at sunrise and are showing a durable and reliable lifespan.  These look to be of the same quality.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
198 These strips are a dark brown.  There is no fowl aroma (pun intended).  The strips have a slight sheen to them. These strips break easily into smaller strips without crumbling. It took my finicky GSD several seconds to determine if this was a treat, but she did take to it and then wait for more.  Ingredients include game bird, cultured skim milk, vegetable glycerin, glucosamine hydrochloride, chondroitin sulfate, ascorbic acid, salt, mixed tocopherols, citric acid.  I actually tasted a strip and I tasted a sweet aftertaste.  The bag is resealable, preventing these strips from drying out.
199 There are only three types of grasses that notoriously do well in Arizona:  Bermuda, Fescue and Zoysia.  This spring was unseasonably cool and wet and not very favorable for planting grass until about a week ago.  I have several patches of grass seeds planted in several test areas.  All three are showing some sprouting, but the biggest culprits this year are the ants!  They carry away grass seeds into their burrows.  I can guard seeds from birds, but I can't keep the ants away.  I have one area of Zoysia that gets partial shade in the afternoon.  I've kept that area watered.  The seeds are guarded under a metal mesh.  I am getting a good half of the seeds sprouting.  This stuff comes out looking more like sandy soil than grass seed.  The secret is loosen the soil and plant when warm enough, keep the turf moist, and keep ants and birds away. I will be planting another patch in two months for comparison, when all the various grasses will grow faster and fill in the back yard.  Hopefully then I'll have a higher success rate.  The idea is to have a blended yard with heat-tolerant grasses.
200 I use these in the kitchen and place them in dark corners where we normally have no visibility.  The @$#@ roaches come out at night through our sink pipes this time of year (the only place we have water right now!) and walk across these and then get stuck.  I like that the cat doesn't get his paws stuck in these by accident.  Cats panic when these get stuck on their fur.  I can't blame them.  Insects are attracted to other insects so when one roach gets stuck, soon another one will get stuck and soon there's a squirming row of roaches that wiggle for days before dying from dehydration.  I once found a dead mouse as well.  I don't like to see rodents suffer an excrutiating death though.  I use these strictly for the roaches.   Just fold shut (so that this doesn't get stuck on other things) and toss in the trash. There is no smell nor toxic chemicals from using these around food and pets.  I also have some of these near the pet food storage area in the garage where the roaches are lured to.  Tomcat makes several such packets of foldable glue traps.  This one is the most affordable
201 This is definitely Purina's attempt to make healthy foods for our pets without dumping corn and corn meal as its primary filler.  Corn meal creates long-term health issues in our pets over time, and bad, decaded teeth are the #1 problem with a corn-fed diet.  This stuff is very wet (78% moisture max), but it contains chicken, water, carrots, peas, potassium chloride, guar gum, salt, carrageean, choline chloride, zinc sulfate, vitamin E, ferrous sulfate and other vitamins and minerals.  This wet mass is good over dry kibble to encourage finicky eaters to eat more.  The broth then gets absorbed into the kibble which the dogs eat.  The high moisture content and the ease with which this food comes out of the pop-off can make feeding my pack effortless.  One can provides 434 calories.
202 We don't get grass growing here in southern Arizona until the monsoon kicks in in June, which happened about three weeks ago.  I can clearly see a difference in the patches of grass, but the drinking water is also murky, not clear, and I'd rather have clear drinking water for my dogs.  No doubt this stuff works on complete, lush lawns.
203 This is like a thin memory foam pad one uses in the bathroom.  It absorbs moisture but also provides warmth, and that is good when used under a crate.  The pad also helps move a crate easier on a smooth floor. The large size can be used not just for a pet bed, but also as a pad in the kitchen, the garage, or outside.  This is a well-made pad.  While marketed for an under-the-cage pad, it works very well as a warm-weather sleeping pad for large dogs. This pad is washable.  It folds up in threes easily for storage.  I am using this pad as an absorbent pad around my dogs' water bucket.  My shepherds are sloppy drinkers so this pad keeps the water from soaking into the carpet.
204 I'm a big fan of the "Life is Good" motto and the company itself.  As an active outdoorsy person, I especially like anything that includes hiking, backpacking, camping, traveling, photography or spending time on a trail with one, two or even three of my dogs.  Needless to say, I have several t-shirts with "Life is Good" sayings and this one is perhaps my favorite because I like wearing brown.  The size medium fits me nicely, too, and the material is soft.  No shrinkage after washing, either.
205 These are very tasty to my dogs. These are hard tendon parts which take a while for the dog to eat, but they spend hours on these.  These are an excellent diversion for active dogs.
206 I read this book over a week-long period, almost 20 years after he rode the Iron Rooster through China.  The many commentaries of country life, the weird customs of the people and the constant yearning to shoot birds for food made me wonder if China today is still like it was 20 years ago.  I certainly hope it is not, but Theroux's style and detailed observations of miniscule events make this a very interesting, graphic read.  I had the sense of where I was in the country, from the barren desert to the freezing mountains and every track inbetween.  I didn't want to get off the train.  This was my first Theroux travelogue.  I will certainly read many more.
207 I wear a size 8 and these jeans are comfy-fitting and soft.  The jeans arrive with the bottom sleeves rolled up, as shown in the photo.  Unroll that and you get two extra inches in length.  The jeans are closed with a button and a metal zipper.  Not too snug nor too tight.  The belt line goes right below my navel.  The light blue dye is even across the jeans, both front and back.  It's nice-fitting in the derriere, so for those with round butts, these enhance that part of the body without making the butt look like a small planet.  Like most women's jeans, though, I find the pockets, both front and rear, on the small side.  The front pockets are three inches deep and the rear pockets are four inches deep.  Cell phones and wallets are easily taken from them, so beware!  Made in Bangladesh.
208 This tool can pull nails out and bend metal sheets, so why the plastic detent? The silicone grip is nice and the tool is evenly balanced in its weight, but that one little red plastic detent doesn't make sense as that is where a lot of the weight falls on when used under pressure.  This is a cost-saving move on the manufacturer which can be a safety concern.  Only repetitive use of this tool will show itself under pressure, but that plastic piece is a warning sign.  Quality tools are not made with any piece of plastic, no matter how small.  If you look at the main photo of this pry bar in the product detail, the photo shows a metallic detent (button),but what I have is clearly a plastic button, so I question the sincerity of this product's ad.
209 What would the Founders do concerning our contemporary current events, from illegal immigration (bring them in but keep them in separate neighborhoods) to WMD (what, there's more to that than smallpox?!), rogue nations (attack them!) to social security (What are families for?) and on and on.  This book was a pleasant read.  I learned a lot about the individual characters, who served in the military (not even half of them served) to who went to college (again, barely half), who were the religious ones and who was all for capital punishment.  (Jefferson favored castrating rapists).  But there were many chapters that left me hanging.  Brookhiser didn't always have answers for some of our current issues.  All he did was provide a like situation from 200+ years ago and left it to the reader to make their own conclusions.  The "Founding Blogs" at the end of the book was quite creative and whitty.  This is a good book for the person who's not necessarily a history buff, but someone who has asked that same question, what would the founders do?
210 Four out of five of my dogs like these.  These three-inch long bones can be broken in half for dogs under 25 pounds with little crumbling.  They are semi-hard but soften quickly with dog slobber.  I don't smell the lamb but I do smell the salmon in these.  The guaranteed analysis only gives these bones a min crude protein of 12%, min crude fat of 5% and max crude fiber of 3%, but these also contain Omega 6 and 3 fatty acids.
211 I first bought one of these back in 2012.  It lasted six months of daily use.  I can't complain about that as the price was right.  The cable fits well into the phone; many cables are too big and fall out easily.  This one never did.  I went ahead and bought a second one for my newer LG phone.
212 Revolutionary war buffs will enjoy this book.  Dean Snow gives detailed descriptions, by the hour at times, of the various battles like Freeman's Farm and Bemis Heights.  Interesting to me was the relationship between Benedict Arnold and Horatio Gates as I was unfamiliar with the details.  Snow's narrative flows well, making the early revolutionary war easy to follow and understand.  The final chapter, The End Game, summarizes the resolution that began October 8th, 1777.  Helpful is also the alphabetical glossary of all the starring characters that give post-war followups.  There are notes and a bibiography and archival photos throughout.
213 I volunteer at my local animal shelter and I not only walk the dogs and pet the cats, I clean out their cages and kennels and photograph them.  I chose this book to get more information on how to better my trade.  This book offers  a lot of everything, and the authors know for some readers some information is already old hat.  The authors also remind the reader that dog photography is all about patience and having that camera ready at all times while with the dog.  This book is aimed at the person who wants to photograph her pet.  Pet and owner have (usually) an intimate relationship; this may not work as well for shelter animals that are scared and nervous.  So patience is still the best advice outside of Chapter 4:  Paws-ing for the Basics-Camera Settings and Techniques.  Although I already practice most of what is recommended here (use autofocus, place AF mode on al-servo and use a shallow depth of field).  Other techniques such as panning, using color, and use of props are all techniques that a dog photographer should consider.  For me the most useful is Chapter 11, Introduction to Postprocessing.  The authors use Adobe Lightroom, and I just happen to have ordered that from Amazon a few days ago.  There is even a chapter on the business aspect of this art, but I'll leave that to the more enterpreneureal readers to discover.  I strictly photograph animals for the love of it all.  I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who understands the basics of their camera and for those wanting to try out this wonderful artform.  No bones about it!  To view some of the homeless animals I have photographed at my shelter, check out the customer-uploaded pics above.
214 If you enjoy a quirky mystery/science story with some once-living characters, this is a fun read for middle school girls.  There's lots of humorous dialogue to get this story going.  The girls Ada and Mary were 18 years apart in age in real life, but just like the other characters in this book, they were "reset" in age to fit the story of finding the missing Moonstone.  Ada is into science and Mary is into mysteries and scifi.  The language used is age appropriate; it may be too easy for honor students. There are plenty of nice illustrations throughout the book.  For those with an interest in history, readers can read short biographies of the real characters in this book.  Even Charles Dickens makes an appearance.
215 Music is therapy and this little hand-held device helps.  I've never played an ocarina before but I do enjoy the sound of a flute, and this is what it sounds like.  The ocarina is made from a pretty blue-glazed ceramic mold and makes a nice desk top decoration in any office.  It looks like a miniature submarine.  Included in the box is a small manual showing the first-timer how to hold one of these and where the fingers go.  There are finger charts for several well-known songs like Auld Lang Syne, Happy New Year, Happy Birthday, Mary had a Little Lamb and Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.  The ocarina also comes with a soft-padded black carrying case and a blue string you can pull through the top of the ocarina, tie in a square knot, and use as a cord around the head.  As I was trying out this little thing, I thought of all the special ed students I have had over the years who have excelled in music when the rest of the world seemed to crash down on them.  Music is therapy for many autistic children and some seek solace in song.  This may be a perfect tool for a child like this, or even for anyone just needing something to calm down to.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
216 This book is thankfully not about the horrid experiments Aribert Heim committed on living victims in Mauthausen.  This book is more about how Heim was able to escape and eventually end in Cairo where he died in 1992.  Kulish and Mekhemet delve into fine detail, going over documents from first witnesses who tried to testify against Heim, who was able to walk away while on furlough from the Americans, who by that time, in 1948, were getting more concerned about the growing threat by the Soviets in eastern Europe.  Early on in this narrative a Nazi hunter comes to light: Alfred Aedtner, who had witnessed Heim's crimes in the concentration camp. His determination to get Austrian officials to capture Heim is relentless, and measures in passion with that of Simon Wiesenthal, who also happened to have spent some time in Mauthausen.  Heim was a lucky man who was clever, charming, and lucky to have rental properties on which he could rely on; one settled in Cairo he depended on his German family for support while creating a new life as a German convert to Islam.  The chapters are short and focus on minute details, which makes this book easy to read if the reader can only manger about 20 pages a day.  It's fine writing, with an attention to detail, without being too sappy or emotional.  This is a good read for history buffs as little was known about Heim before this book was researched.
217 The smell of nuts whaffs past you as you open this bag, the aroma of peanut, pistachio, almond, hulled white proso millet, sunflower and shelled pumpkin seed traveling through the air.  This is a feast for our larger songbirds like cardinals, thrashers, titmice, grosbeaks, woodpeckers, nuthatches.  Useless shells are not included in the gross weight of this bag.  Nothing gets wasted here.  I really appreciate not having peas or corn in this mix.  I'd like to see this stuff come in a resealable bag.
218 What makes this product so attractive is the applicator.  Place the oily repellant inside this thing and squeeze it against the dog's fur, then rub the fur in that area to help spread the chemicals.  It smells like the competition's brand, but this allows avoidance of the chemical on your hands and body.  I applied this on my smallest dog that is on the edge of the weight limit, and it seems to have kept the first ticks of the season at bay.
219 I bought my box of Milkinis on April 28th, 2015.  They arrived promptly, but the first bar I tried had that melted-and-refreeze look and taste.  The bar had an expiration date of August 2015  Milka used to be made in Switzerland.  The primary ingredients were Milk (Milch) and Cocoa (Kakao), which is where the name Milka comes from. But now that the Mondelez company bought this recipe, it's far too sweet and apparently for American tastes.  It's just too sweet to be enjoyable.  Yuck.  The brand isn't even made in Switzerland anymore.  This brand is made in Poland, where labor is cheaper.
220 This is an odd fit. This style is between " boy shorts" and "boxer briefs."  The 53% cotton - 35% modal - 12% elastane material make for a comfortable material, but the fit is not as secure as other undies I've worn in this style.  The cut doesn't quite cover the entire tush and the leg sleeves ride up a bit.  The most comfortable part of this style is the wide elastic waist band.  It neither pinches nor falls down.  Made in China.
221 This is a cute gimmic toy much like pet rocks.  The little fish operates on three AAA batteries and depending on which way the fish tail is bent, is the direction the fish will swim around in.  This is amusing to watch for both very young children (think eye coordination) and young cats curious as to what all the movement is about. The bowl is a plastic bowl.  The real fun is watching the fish swim in a larger body of water. like a bath tub.  This is a cute toy for babies, less so for older children.  The big pain is replacing the batteries
222 This is my second purchase of this vest.  The first one was ripped by my then very active hiking dog, who as a puppy ran through thorny brush and under concertina wire.  This vest is very lightweight and made of nylon, so any dog that wears it will tear it up if the dog is off leash running around.  This is not a fault of the product, but in how it is used, as I have snagged thin nylon wind breakers while bushwhacking across our prickly desert.  The silver paws on both sides reflect very well in light.  The dog wearing this won't even feel the extra ounces on its back. Measure the dog's girth and order the correct size and you will have a well-fitted vest.  The belly strap is long and may hang down a bit if the vest is too large.
223 I'm 5'7" and 136 pounds.  These jeans go on snugly at first, but do stretch to the body by the end of the day.  These are as advertised 89% cotton, with  double stitching along all seams. The pants reach up to my naval at the hip for a nice fit there.  The boot cut flare at the bottom is not too extreme.  The dye is an even dark blue all across the jeans.  The only thing I don't care for are the small front pockets.  The pockets aren't deep enough to carry my man's wallet without the threat of the wallet sticking out and falling out, but this is something I've noticed with my other Levi's jeans, too.  Made in Pakistan.
224 It's clear that Greg Easterbrook loves football. He understands the game and has been reporting on it for years. But this book is more a behind-the-scenes look at both collegiate and professional football, and how the sport has turned into a booming business for both team owners and universities since the 1980s. That is when 24-hour cable TV became the norm and around-the-clock sports became fashionable.  Easterbrook tries to be fair. Football has given many minority students a chance at a college education. Many successful athletes have gone from poverty to wealth thanks to football. But he also shows the dark side of the sport, where teams and universities ignore NCAA rules and do what they can to build a winning team.  The writing is smooth and the chapters are short and concise. While one chapter focuses on the current Virginia Tech head football coach, other chapters focus on the health risks associated with football and how repeated head injuries do have long-term side effects that especially the professional teams have ignored for too long. Easterbrook covers the entire range with a lot of statistics, numbers and even a few names.  This isn't the typical sports book that glorifies the sport or a particular athlete. Easterbrook covers the gamut, both good and bad of the sport. Some people may not like what he uncovers, but he does a convincing job of showing the reader how much football has become a money-making business.
225 I lived in Germany during the RAF era.  As a military brat we were in fear of this group, as both Frankfurt and Ramstein experienced terrorist attacks by this group.  The news clips that were used in this movie are genuine.  I remember that old man on the German news.  The terror lasted all through the 1970s.  It was therefore haunting to see this movie again.  All the actors were so believable as their actual characters they were playing.  Watch the 30-minute "Making of the B-M Complex" and you will learn that the director, Uli Edel, used all genuine parts, even using the actual court hall of the prison in which the real terrorists were interviewed (and denied) parole.  The prison cells were designed according to old photographs of the real prison cells, down to genuine sinks.  The actors spent endless hours studying the mannerisms and speech patterns of their roles.  Actor Martina Gedeck almost looks like the younger sister of Gudrun Ensslin, the "brains" behind this group of misfits.  I didn't read the book; my opinions are based on memory.  The scenes in this movie are non-stop action and at times overly graphic in their violence, but this is how B-M acted.  Even how the group slowly fell apart due to newer generations of this group not being in sinc with the original founders, is quite obvious.  The Baader-Meinhof gang was a group of highly intellectual but badly misguided and violent group of extreme-left-leaning students whose guilt of their parents perhaps got the ball rolling.  Say what you may, "This is part of our History" said Edel, and this movie shows this history well.  This movie deserved the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.
226 This anthology of mostly short essays by writers who live in or are from the Seattle area shows a plethora of writers, writing instructors, authors, booksellers, publishers talking about their unique experience in the city that involves in some form the written form.  Most of the people in this book are new to me, although many mention authors from the area, but only one, Sherman Alexie, a well-known author of Native American literature is one I am familiar with.  Reading this short book feels like an eavesdropping of a busy coffee shop, where java drinkers talk about every topic imaginable and the only thing they all have in common is that they are all in the same coffee shop at the same time.  Some essays are humorous, some are touching, some are short discussions about regional writers.  One writer reminisces about meeting Robin Williams in a bookstore and having a brief conversation about comics.  In another essay about a writing workshop instructor, the writer recalls his war veteran students who were overcoming PTSD after Vietnam, and then comparing veterans he had who had served in Iraq and Afghanistan several decades later.  Other essays talk about the struggle of young writers trying to get published.  There are many references to local landmarks like Pioneer Square, or university buildings on the University of Washington campus, so this anthology may best be recommended for people who studied at UW, lived in Seattle, or who have a profound love for the region.
227 I got seven  strips of hide with a slice of jerky on one end.  They looked like lollipops for dogs, which the dogs of course enjoyed, but I do find the price a bit steep for what you get.  I've bought other treats from this company that were far more affordable.  This is rawhide, pork hide, chicken, water, vegetale glycerin, salt, FD&C Red #40, FD&C Yellow #6, FD&C Blue #1  Made in China
228 This odorless and colorless spray works.  I tried it on my German Shepherd Dog's latest hot spot and not only did it heal the reddish skin, she also stopped pulling at that spot.  This is the first sign of that hot spot healing and her fur growing back.  I've had my dog tested for various skin mites and other parasites, but the test proved nothing.  My vet just thinks she's suffering from anxiety.  At least this stuff keeps the hair loss under control
229 I am not a duffer.  But it's hard to have been living in the 60s-90s without knowing about Arnold Palmer.  My dad was a big Palmer fan.  He'd sit in front of the TV and watch Palmer putt.  My dad passed on in 2002 and Palmer in 2016.  I read this bio in my dad's honor as there was so much I did not know about Palmer.  Tom Callahan had covered Palmer for decades and knew all the stats.  He divides the chapters by the various wins, with the big one in 1960.  The writing style is very journalistic.  For Palmer fans the various wins won't be anything new.  For newbies like me, this may be overwhelming since Palmer is among many other great golfers of the era:  Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player and the many PGAs.  Palmer was a likable man who listened to everyone.  He made golfing popular.  He became rich off of his passion and shared his wealth with childrens' charities.  He never said a bad thing about another human.  The book's flaw is that it is long.  Callhan weaves stories of other golfers in this biography.  I did find myself skimming over some parts just to stay focused on Palmer.
230 In a story that takes place in Medieval Venice, there sure was a lot of perfection with the main characters.  Feya is introduced early on as a Muslim doctor sent to Venice; she gets more than that in the end when the ship she is on is transporting a human infected with the plaque.  I did commend author Marina Fiorato of creating a strong and strong-willed woman, even if she was too nice and nothing bad really happens to her..  I'm not a fan of romance and was afraid to read this.  There was no smutty romance at all in this book.  The Romance portions were edited out.  What I appreciated more was the tension between the Ottomans and the Venetians, and the many descriptive imagery of the cities.  Fighting the plaque before we even had telescopes is rather impressive.
231 This is kibble that I would rate as good.  The kibble is pea size of a medium brown hue.  I can fit three pieces on top of a US Penny, and two on a US Dime.  This is a good size for most puppies.  The top ingredients are lamb, brewers rice, chicken by-product meal, corn meal, ground whole grain sorghum, fish meal, dried egg product and more.  I'm not crazy about the corn meal, but it's a common filler in most pet kibble because it's cheap.  Corn contains sugars.  Carnivore animals fed lots of corn in their life tend to develop tooth decay and gum disease from the sugars.  Some dogs can't digest it.  My dogs seem to like this.  As for nutrition, the crude protein is minimum 27%, crude fat minimum 15%, crude fiber maximum 5%.  There are added vitamins and minerals.
232 My dogs took to these processed chew hides well.  They look, smell and feel like Digesteaze bones.  They soften up fast once wetted down with dog spit.  At six inches long, big dogs can carry these in their mouths comfortably.  Contains rawhide, calcium carbonate, sodium bicarbonate, natural chicken liver flavoring,  glycerin, sorbitol, tetra sodium pyrophosphate, parsley seed oil, potassium sorbate. Guaranteed analysis is crude protein at 78% min, crude fat at 0.05% min, crude fiber at 2% max, moisture max 14%.  Made in Vietnam
233 I really don't like using nasal sprays as they always leave a bad taste in my mouth. This product is no better.  I also don't like sticking anything up my nose.  However, it is fast-acting and does what it's meant to do.  For occasional use I see nothing wrong with taking this spray as it does work.
234 A relative of mine has these in her kitchen and loves them.  She spends a lot of time in her kitchen preparing excellent meals, so she benefits from these mats.  I ordered two for myself because of her recommendations.  I must say these are super-comfy on the feet, both naked and shodded, and ar perfect for those people who stand at the counter or stove for long periods.  They are easily cleaned, don't smell, and cover a good size surface.  I have both the brown and tan mats.  The tan mat shows dirt easier, so I placed that one in the bathroom as added softness under the shower mat.  It's perfect there as well.
235 My bottle arrived leaking a bit.  Luckily most of the contents were usable.  Mine came in an air-bubbled lined manila envelope and the Vine label was stuck over the instructions.  The product has no noticeable fragrance.  The stuff is easy to apply.  It comes out a white foam.  Rub that foam into the dry fur and the foam quickly disappears, leaving behind just damp fur.  Do not rinse off! My cat wasn't happy about being the test cat for this product, but he did come out of this with cleaner-looking fur.  If your cat sheds a lot, you will also loosen a lot of the fur during the massage.  Directions say to apply this every two weeks.  My allergies are not very severe, but I do like the results I'm feeling.
236 This lightweight mount is made for a medium or large dog.  The straps are adjustable.  All the mounts you need come with this.  All you need is your action camera.  The back portion is lightly padded so there is no pressure on the dog.  Footage will be shaky but that's one reason these are such funny videos.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest review
237 This is an invaluable resource for the new teacher getting adjusted to updated technologies in the classroom.  Our school district is finally going to incorporate Google Classroom and these lessons now make more sense.  From kids creating their own logs to teachers creating a classroom rubic, to communicating with parents via various social media tools, this book, with easy-to-follow instructions, is an added tool for the techno-savvy educator.  Classrooms are moving into the 21st century and even old-school teachers need to learn new tricks to stay in the field.  Judith Dodge does not offer a step-by-step guide on how the various software programs work.  She mentions them all, with the names in bold. She does offer tips that the reader can then research her/himself.  There's a lot out there I was not familiar with.  I will now go to YT and find tutorials for some of the bigger names Dodge mentions in this book.
238 These are 100% beef gullet (esophagus) and should not be compared to hide, or skin.  You get six six-inch sticks of various widths.  All my dogs took their stick happily.  It didn't take long to chew these down to nothing.  The dried fibers did fall on the carpet, but they were non-cutting.  They don't smell or leave a greasy residue on your hands.  The sticks are long enough for the dog to hold on to the stick and chew on these and are safe.  My large dogs had no issues swallowing these.
239 This top coat does strengthen the base polish.  While my polish alone can go for four-five days before chipping, adding this to polish lengthen it to a week.  This coat goes on well and evenly.  This is a great addition to the home manicurist.
240 I have five dogs and am fostering a sixth.  I opted to try this food since we go through quite a bit of dog and cat food every month.  The first thing I noticed was how much gravy there is in every can, thick starchy gravy that dogs love to lick up.  The "real chicken" looks like molded cubes and don't feel like chicken.  I'm thinking the chicken was processed into the pork liver for convenience.  There's plenty of rice and tiny carrots as well, so that when the contents of a can are plopped into a bowl, it looks like someone's stew.  While the food does look and smell tasty, I have to wonder why Hills has to process the meat this way.  After this morning's meal one of my dogs had smelly farts all throughout a five-mile hike.  Twelve cans at $28 comes to $2.33 a can.  I don't think this is worth it.  (See my one photo of this food under "customer images.")
241 This is a wonderful concept.  While the grip does emit an odor when first opened, it does go away after a day.  Some chemicals can give me a migraine, so I had to be extra careful when working with this material.  While choosing and printing a personal design for the grip does require extra work and a good color printer, what I liked was the effectiveness of the grip and how well it fit around a standard softball bat.  This is a good product for the price.  The grip has held well for the last three weeks. This is a nice way to individualize a bat.
242 "Must Win" reads so much like Bryan Mealer's "Muck City."  Except instead of Belle Glade, Florida the story takes place north across state line and in Valdosta, Georgia.  Rance Gillepsie is the coach and he's got a tough mission to do:  recruit eligible high school boys willing to work hard to win.  With a student body more familiar with juvenile detention instead of honor roll classes, this isn't easy.  And much like "Muck City," we read of the same social and ethnic barriers:  desegregation didn't come easy for this booming tar heeling town and a lot of tension had to be broken before the team could play cohesively.  Boys grow up  "poor, black and fatherless" (60), many whose fathers do time for dealing hard drugs, or themselves fall victim to the gangs.  To these young men, Coach Gillepsie is their dad, and he is there to practice Tough Love.  There is more detail of individual players in this book.  All have their 15 minutes of fame.  All have seen the dark side of life early, and football gives them an incentive.  They may not earn a ticket to college with their talent, but at least they will graduate from high school.  That's better than many others from Valdosta.  The narrative is fast, upbeat and engaging.  And while this book may read like so many other poor-boy-done-good books that seem to be out recently, this story is more edgy, more gritty, more in-your-face reality that makes even non-football fans appreciate the success of those who rise above the ashes.
243 This long thermometer is ideal for those big roasts or turkeys baking for long hours in the oven.  The large digital readout is what I really appreciate.  No second glances are necessary with this one. My old turkey thermometer is not nearly this long and only has a red arm that shows me the general thermometer.  Both show the same temperature, with this digital measuring device more accurately.  The thicker the meat, the longer it takes to get an accurate reading in either Fahrenheit or Celcius, but I am only talking about seconds, not minutes.  Thinner cuts come up right away.  The dual measure helps replicate recipes written in Celcius.  My only complaint?  Get a cover for the digital head.  Hope the designers see this.  MeasurePro makes good products.  Protect your investment.  The plastic cover is handy to have when storing this device in a cluttered kitchen drawer.
244 These are small plastic bottles that remind me of small liquor bottles.  It doesn't look like much, but this syrup is strong in flavor and subtle in sweetness, so you don't need as much as with the regular-sized bottles, however, the sweeteners are sucrose, dextrose and fructose.  This may be better suited for diabetics.  I still prefer real cane sugar as my sweetener, as this trio is rather expensive for what you pay.
245 The illustrations in this book are truly beautiful, with a mystical aura to them. The pictures well define Rumi as an ancient Persian spiritual leader.  The story of Rumi itself is a bit more dry, as he was a spiritual leader and that is where the focus is here.  The narrative is simple and a good introduction to who Rumi was.
246 These look and feel like biscuits but have a slight poultry smell to them.  Chicken is the first ingredient and yet one out of five of my dogs didn't take to these right away.  Sweet potato is one filler and perhaps that is the turn off?  The photo in the packaging makes these look like they have visible chunks of sweet potato in them, but in reality they aren't quite so noticeable.  These crumble and are crunchy and small dogs may make messes from these.  For large dogs like mine, these are a one-bite treat.
247 This is a very soft and comfortable bra.  It's as advertised as 74% nylon and 26% Spandex.  The cups are lightly padded.  The front panel is not elastic, but the back panel is.  You get an inch of adjustment in the rear hooks.  Shoulder straps are adjustable.  Of the four bras I have tried this month, this is the most comfy.  It looks nice under a blouse while still providing protecting and hold.  It's an attractive bra for work, low-impact environment.
248 While I enjoyed the poetic style of many of the short chapters in this book, the primary subject of this book was not the artist Basquiat, but rather his live-in girl friend Suzanne Mallouk.  Basquiat was always snorting coke or womanizing, often disappearing for several days before showing back up, and Suzanne herself often snorted coke with him.  The paragraphs are either in simple prose, third-person, or they are italicized and are in first-person, as told by Suzanne.  After a while I preferred reading the italicized paragraphs.  I certainly could not feel empathy for the couple.  This is a very short book that can be read in a few hours.  It's best recommended for Basquiat fans. For people unfamiliar with Basquiat and his works, this leaves them hanging.  I didn't think this book brought out the man's true character.
249 UPDATE 26 January 2016:  The cover weakened fast.  The dog bed now has a big rip in the middle from the dogs scratching on it. ___________________  I finally broke down and bought a raised dog bed. I have five dogs, from 45-95 pounds. My oldest dog is 12 years old and suffering from arthritis.  At first the smell turned the dogs off, but within a few hours the first of five dogs tried it out.  The fresh mesh factory smell is probably what turned them off at first. We placed a dog rug over the frame and now they are liking this much better.  Assembly was easy with a Phillips screw driver, once I figured out how the pieces went.  I personally don't like the coated burlap cover, but that's up to the dogs and they seem to be OK with this new bed now.  If only they would share.
250 This is not a very thick book as travel guides go, but it's a beautiful book to page through to get an idea of what to see in Rio.  There are beaches, artsy neighborhoods, and natural beauty all throughout the area.  This guide also stresses the history and the native people, so if you are into eco-tourism this is a great guide to start with.  Contemporary Brazilians are mentioned The pages have a magazine feel to it, even though the size is more for something one can throw into a side pocket of a carry-on.  The city is divided into sections, and each section offers walking guides with maps and landmarks to see.  Important items are often in boxed paragraphs in different colors.  This is definitely a book one can sit back with in bed and read over, to get more ideas of what to capture when visiting the city. Food, music and art are stressed all throughout the guide.  Unlike Lonely Planet guides, travel advisories are at the back of the guide, and not in the front.  Ideal for photographers who seek out the beauty in places.
251 The lights come as shown here, on a reel with an AC adaptor and remote. They are bright!  The remote already has a CR2025 battery installed;  just remove the safety tape to get it to work.  The remote has a myriad of colors to choose from, from speed to flash modes.  Don't lose the remote, though as you need it for the lights to work.  Since the lights come on a flat extended cable, these work best against a flat surface such as a window sill or ledge.  This is a very lightweight ensemble.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review
252 This is my third edition to the Benchmark series of maps for Arizona.  I prefer this brand over Delorme maps because these maps show trail heads, forest road and gates, waterfalls and other natural landmarks.  For outdoor enthusiasts, these are the best to have because you know right away what kind of land you are on:  national forest, forest service wilderness, BLM or state land, state park, fish and wildlife refuge, military, Indian or national park.  Phoenix, Tucson and the Grand Canyon are highlighted separately.  Then there are 53 more detailed quadrants that cut through the state, often breaking up urban areas like Prescott and requiring one to go back and forth between two non-joining pages to study an area.  The state is broken down into six recreational areas.  I live in the far southeastern corner of the state and that includes Tucson.  By the dividing the state this way, people interested in one area have a larger area that is featured, so one can read of recommended trails to hike, and places where to camp for both tents and RVs, both private and on public lands.  Phone numbers are also noted. You also get scenic sites and trails, historical sites, golf courses and "other" sites like ghost towns, museums and boat ramps at lakes.  All this makes traveling through useful without needing to use a GPS or online resources.  I've been in remote areas where internet or GPS were not available, so the Benchmark is invaluable.  I have all the Benchmark maps of the western states, and I use them all when planning my road trips.
253 What a bright light that makes an excellent backpacking, camping or search and rescue light.  There are various light modes and the light can  be zoomed in/out by moving the front end.  The on/off button is on the opposite end of the LEDs; which each press of this button the light goes from bright, to medium bright to low, then strobe and finally SOS.  This button is weather sealed in silicon.  A wrist strap makes this easier to hold in the hand. The handle has some etching in it to provide for a firmer grip.  While one can use three AAA batteries for this thing, I'm using a rechargeable BRC 18650 battery.  While this is advertised as a bike light, I would not recommend using this light with the enclosed handle mount.  Just like in my other Refun sample, the mount has a visible crack along the seam.  This crack will only expand with rugged use on a bike, causing the lamp to fall out and get damaged or destroyed.  The rear red light is fine and attaches easily to the rear.  It runs off of two AAA batteries.  Despite the crack in the mount, the flashlight itself is worth its weight in gold.  This is a light one should keep ready for any emergency.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest, unbiased review
254 I bought this card for my Samsung S5, a phone that takes decent photographs.  This card stores my images and after five months, still has mostly free space, including hours of voice recordings during interviews.  This card hasn't failed me yet.  It fits perfectly in the phone's port.  It comes with an adapter for SD slots in computers and laptops for more advanced photo editing.
255 I have always enjoyed gel snacks like these.  I appreciate the subtle sweetness and flavor.  Nothing about these are overbearing.  They retain their shape even in very hot weather and don't glob up like regular gummi bears.  The main ingredient is corn syrup, sugar and apple puree, so it's hard to believe there is all this sugar in these things.  One little .8 ounce bag isn't enough for me, though.  I can eat several of these at a time.  They are great for those long day hikes.
256 These remind me of chew twists made by another company, also made in China.  My dogs enjoy these very much, as these are both chewy and crispy.  The size allows these to be enjoyed by dogs of all sizes. My dogs are big dogs, so these don't last.  These contain dyes and the red jerky can break into smaller pieces on the floor, so be careful where these dog eat these.  If these weren't made in China (it doesn't say that in the product write-up), these would get five stars.
257 This little cat rest was a bit hard to put together, but once the two pieces are in place, this is a very sturdy device.  My cats really like this kind of dense cardboard, although shredding the material does make a mess.  My 20-pound cat is too big for this, but my smaller orange tabby does lay on it.  He just doesn't like being photographed. Both like to scratch on the lower end as they stretch out.
258 What a wonderful anthology of fatherhood, husbandhood and life.  Matteo Bussola describes his life with three young daughters, working from home, and tending to his family.  These are short essays, from a paragraph to a few pages, but always about one topic.  He will write about his concerns for his daughters' welfare, making by, appreciating the beauty in nature, or how he interacts with strangers in the street.  Some observations are very loving, others are appreciative of the natural beauty around him, and others are whimsical observations of his girls and their love for pizza.  One laughs, one cries, one chuckles at Bussola's talent at minimalist writing.  What a wonderful book to gift to a new groom or new father.
259 The one thing about this formula that I like is the faint cucumber aroma.  Applying this is a bit different than some of the other XEN-TANs I have tried.  With this one, it's best to use it BEFORE taking a shower and let the lotion absorb for 45 minutes to a few hours before washing it off.  Also it's best to use a mitt or wear vinyl gloves before applying.  The tan that comes from this format is a natural-looking tan.  The longer you let it absorb, the darker the results.  There is a slight olive hue to this, so ghosts should not use this.
260 (although it is listed as the first must-see place in the country). The stunning photography in this edition really brings in the prospective tourist to do and see more while in Peru. There are barrier islands, giant geoglyphs, the Inca and Canon de Colca Trails, snow-capped peaks, pre-historic trails, markets, indigenous highland villages and towns off the beaten path. This is what makes the Lonely Planet line of guides so useful because their guides open up the reader to so much more than just resort hotels and high-fashion shopping.  After the 25 most recommended sites are introduced, the book continues with monthly events, things to see in its capital Lima, things to know, and more details of the town. There are detailed sectional maps for quick reference and each region has its highlights, whether its for its history, its shopping, its neighborhoods. Smaller towns like Nazca, Arequipa, Puno, Cuzco, Izquito, Lake Titicaca and more. There is so much to see and do in Peru and this book really whets the appetite. While I would always recommend online searches for last-minute changes and for current events, this guide is a good base with which to start.
261 This novel starts out as what appears to be a love story, and I dreaded reading about the "throbbing manhood" moments.  Alas, this is better than this.  This is the story of a soon-to-be-married woman, Daphne, who learns about some awful secrets about her family's past and her coming to grips with self-discovery and self-acceptance. She is a successful restaurantier in New York City now, engaged to a wealthy banker. It's told in third person, with plenty of dialogue and a gorgeous backdrop of Greek islands, Greek mythology and Greek food.  The backdrop and settings are better than the plot.  Daphne and her daughter Evie fly to the Greek island of Eriskousa in the northern Greek island chain in the Ionian Sea.  The wedding is planned to take place in her parents' home town there. She flies ahead of her groom-to-bee, Stephen.  The best dialogue, and the strongest protagonist, is Daphne's grandmother Yia-Yia, who reacquaints Daphne and Evi with some Greek heritage.  It is through Yia-Yia that Daphne discovers her true self and learns about her emotional needs.  The two women have a strong love for each other.  Stephen doesn't play much of a roll in this story until the second half, and the end is predictable.  This is a light read, enjoyable summer chick lit with descriptive scenes of Greek scenery, Greek culture and Greek history.  The reader learns about half-way through the read that the end won't be what was expected at first.  The author does a nice job weaving history, mythology and culture into this story, although the plot is predictable and cliche.  Love of family and love of one's heritage are strong themes in this book.
262 Co-teaching is best used in an assimilated classroom with a general ed teacher and a special ed teacher.  While both are subject matter experts, each educator has a specialty that will work well in a classroom setting.  Co-teaching in a standard classroom is costly and probably not necessary.  This book lists suggestions and examples of how best to co-teach, since the concept is often confused with team teaching.  The problem with co-teaching is that in most public school districts, there simply is no money to pay for the special-trained faculty.  Co-teaching becomes an art only after constant use with a like-minded educator.  While I did appreciate many of the suggestions, I also know that in today's poor school systems, most of these concepts won't work.  And sadly, even gifted students, who are lumped in the "Special Ed" curriculum, will suffer.
263 These chews are great for small dogs.  For big dogs, these are like two bites of crunchiness and don't last.  But my dogs love these and beg for more.  My dogs haven't gotten sick off of these.  These are so small, the dogs look like they are chewing on toothpicks.
264 This is a very detailed history of two young journalists who not only set the standard for travel, but who opened the profession of journalism for women late in the 19th century.  Matthew Goodman did his research here.  The book starts our with several chapters describing the young lives of these two very different women.  Nellie Bly hails from Pittsburgh while Elizabeth Bisland hails from New Orleans.  It's over sixty pages later that the journey finaly begins.  Both start their journey from New York City. While Bly travels eastward, Bisland travels westward across the US via train.  It's the peak era of railroad travel and a 75-day journey will highlight the comforts and speed of rail travel while also promoting the rail company.  It's the birth of yellow journalism, when sensationalism is on the rise and so are the people with the wealth to travel by train.  In 1889 the railroad is the accomplished means of speed travel but the railroad is also a growing dynasty that helps develop federal policies on standard time, commerce and transportation.  It's an interesting story from any angle.  While I was hoping this would be more of a detailed travelog, it reads more like an historical narrative.  Sometimes Goodman seems to drift into side topics such as talking about Pulitzer, railroad executives, or even Jules Verne. All the sidetrips, including observations of the western American Indian, get their mention in this highly readable story of late 19th-century American travel.
265 Going through this book was a blast of my own past.  I grew up in the 1970s and didn't realize until this book that I witnessed feminist history be made.  I remembered seeing so much of this on the news in the late 60s and early 70s. Loaded with lots of black-white photographs and posters, the text alone describes how this revolution sprouted out of the Vietnam War, the Soviet crush on Czechoslovakia, beauty pageants, the Vatican and its stance on abortion and birth control, domestic abuse, and worker/union laws of the time.  Cries for equal pay for equal work, and demands for respect spread to the arts, Hollywood, politics and laws in general.  It's hard for the younger generation to realize how difficult it was for women of the 60s and 70s to gain self-determination across the globe.  Now people take women's rights for granted, but this coffee table book reminds people how very serious the movement was across Europe, where the Catholic Church had a strong noose around women's bodies, and across the ocean in this country.  The book is mostly Euro-US-centric.  Weren t there also demands in Asia and Africa for more equality?  Although the Black Women's movement included minorities of Asian and Native American women, it gets less of a focus in this book.  I do appreciate what the text does credit:  the women's movement led to other awakenings for all people with disabilities, more paternal laws for fathers, people with AIDS, and the gay-transgendered population.  The cause --> effect relationship proves that equal rights for women means equal rights for all.
266 This is a nice tool repair kit that is useful not only for watches, but for eye glasses.  There are six different screw drivers in this kit, a fine-tip set of tweezers, a link remover and a few other tools I do not know what they are as there are no instructions or a manual included.  My husband and I wear watches and glasses and I wanted a home repair kit to help us defray repair costs.  The individual pieces are all well-made and mostly made from stainless steel and held securely inside the zippered nylon case.  Watching a few YouTube videos will help me understand how to use the pieces effectively.  A free sample was provided in exchange for a review
267 What you get here are six pair of socks (not a dozen like is mentioned in the writeup)  that are perfect for infants and toddlers.  They are colorful and have strong elasticity, with skidproof dots on the bottoms to prevent falling on wooden floors.  Since it's best to leave shoes off an infant that isn't walking yet, these are a better alternative to keeping the feet warm. These are perfect for my 10-month-old grandson. This is a great price for this many socks.  The variety of socks I got is a bit different than the ones shown here.  I like them all.  Free sample provided in exchange for a review, but I went ahead and bought a second batch.
268 This is a simple, white nylon curtain.  Material around the grommets are well-stitched.  While this curtain comes with plastic rods, I tossed those aside as I have better metal rods already in use and metal looks so much better. Metal also moves smoother on a metal pole.  The 72x72 size is ideal for most small bathrooms.  We have a tub/shower combination in our guest bathroom so we don't need anything wider.  This curtains covers all the space between the two walls it encloses, and hangs a few inches above the floor so there is no dragging.  Our liner is white and I like the white-white combination. The guest bathroom faces the north side, so this all-white curtain lights up from daylight and makes the bathroom brighter.  There was NO BAD SMELL when I first opened the package.  The nylon still has wrinkles in it, but they will fade away in a few weeks.  --> Free sample provided for review
269 My first impression of this thing is its weight.  This is no lightweight!  The rubber bottom keeps this thing on a desktop or any other level suface and it doesn't vibrate while in use.  When I used it for the first time I then noticed how quiet this operates compared to others in the office.  And pencils get sharpened quite well on any of the six settings which are easy to adjust.  The container holding the pencil shavings is also easy to remove and put back in.  Just be careful not to spill the shavings  Attractive and efficient, this makes for a nice office addition.  Mine doesn't get heavy use so I can't judge it for a large school classroom, but I am glad I have mine.
270 Like the smaller chews in the light blue package, these larger chews in the light yellow bag remind me of the Digesteaze bones, the bones that break apart faster when the dog's saliva gets these saturated.  These contain only rawhide and natural chicken liver flavoring.  The guaranteed analysis includes a min of 78% crude protein, 0.05% min on crude fat, 2% max crude fiber and 14% max moisture.  These are lightweight.  One of my dogs likes to play fetch with one of these for a bit before sitting down to chew on it.  Made in Vietnam.
271 This coming of age film about two boys discovering themselves and their friendship is beautifully acted by  Ange Dargent and Thophile Baquet.  They are Daniel and Tho, or better known as Microbe and Gasoline.  They are 8th graders who don't quite fit the norm.  Microbe is artistic and Gasoline is more mechanical.  They are bored with their lives and their oppressive parents and decide to travel to the Massif Central, where Theo spent a year in school many years ago. They design their own housecar on a lawnmower's engine.  The best part of the film is the conversation between the two boys.  Their incidents along the way are both amusing and thought-provoking, but the adventure does lose its luster 20 minutes before the end.  They return home to start school again.  Will the two reunite?
272 This hand-held little vacuum is impressive.  Insert four AA batteries in the bottom (they are not included), place the vacuum tip against the opening in one of the plastic bags that come with this, press down on the white button and this vacuum will remove all excess air from the bag, creating a hermetic seal.  It's a very quick process that requires neither heavy equipment nor loud accessories. The vacuum can then be stored in a kitchen drawer. The enclosed bags are large enough for a large cut of meat, several chicken legs, or any opened package of cheese or other foods that need to be airtight.  The bags themselves are then easily opened by breaking the double seal at the end of one bag.  The bags can also be reused for dry goods like sandwiches.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review
273 I was immediately taken by the beautiful illustrations as I opened the package.  The illustrations are the kind children can appreciate:  the polar bear looks happy but otherwise realistic, and the people in the story are also life-like.  The story is a simple one:  Polarity Bear, a girl, is bored in her Central Park Zoo cage and breaks free by slitting bars with her strong tongue.  She first plays with the neighboring sea lions (in real life she'd eat them!), then meanders to the monkeys, birds and eventually the carousel.  She rides the carousel until she gets sick and opts to return to her cage where she feels safe and where she can relax.  Her adventure helps make the Central Park Zoo an open-air animal park.  She is happy now.  Children will delight in this rhyming read-along.  At times the verse "sounds" like a Dr Seuss story, but every few verses are off rhythm and the flow has to start over.  There are no difficult words so beginning readers may even enjoy reading this story by themselves.  I was provided a free copy to review.
274 I enjoy Rick Bass' descriptive non-fiction, but this work does drag on with the endless literary prose.  This story lacks dialogue and a first-person voice.  Everything is a far distant third-person perspective.  Some sentences are entire paragraphs.  There are several families in this entwined story.  There are the wild lovers Clarissa and Richard who are the main two characters of this jungled story.  There is also the aging junk collector Herbert Mix and Marie and Max Omo, all who go back and forth between Midland and Odessa to pursue their dreams.  In all this confusion, Bass also interjects some archeological and social history into the backdrop, making the storyline flow even slower than a drying mudslide.  What is sad for the average reader is that singularly, the chapters are quite beautiful.  But the plot somehow gets lost in all the wordage that the mind loses interest.  There is a talent here, but perhaps Bass should try his gift at writing short stories.
275 My 14-year-old meezer really likes these treats.  Although he's still rather limber for his age, feeding one or two a day to him for the last month seems to keep his spirits and energy up.  He takes his time chewing on one piece, as if the supplement was something real special.  These don't smell offensively, nor feel very oily, two things that turn me off about dietary supplements.  My younger cats seem to like these as well.  The supplement takes a while to show effects on a cat's body.  In my case the positive change came toward the end of the packet's contents.  I will continue to use these on my cats.  One bag is quite affordable to help maintain a quality of life for a cat.  This is one more in the line of Pet Naturals that I have been very pleased with.
276 What a simple device!  Set-up was easy.  The battery (the company calls this a "test battery" that may wear down fast) is already enclosed and waiting for set-up.  A small screwdriver also comes with this thing, the same size that one can also use for eye glasses.  Follow the manual's instructions to set this device.  Calibrations are determined by height and weight and not age or gender.  Then make sure the device is fairly steady against the body, either hanging from a lanyard or firmly in one's front pocket.  The device is activated when the action button is pressed down twice to start, and again twice to end the tracking.  Voila!  My only complaint is the plastic clip.  I can't get it to open and clasp and am afraid of breaking it, so I have my device hanging around my neck on a lanyard.  It's accurate enough for me on city streets or fairly level dirt roads to track my mileage.
277 These chips are a ~BIG~ hit with my pack. They are hard, rectangular and don't have a discernible scent to humans, but apparently my big dogs know this is a tasty treat and line up for these.  These are fibrous chips, like a combination hide-jerky, that takes a bit to eat.  These crumble a bit, so if your dog is a messy eater, beware.  My dogs leave crumbs behind after eating these, but my vigilant chowhound goes after all the crumbs and cleans up any mess.  I'm definitely going to be buying these again.
278 This cube is smaller than expected and its irregular pieces make this an even more intriguing puzzle from the standard Rubik Cube.  The colors are placed on the sides via stickers, so that's something to consider for long-term wear, but the moving parts are quiet and smooth.  These 3D puzzles have always been a fascination for people interested in how things are designed, both child and adult.  Give this to an inquisitive child and watch them move the pieces around as they think of their next move.  Working on these makes a person have to think and analyze.  These puzzles also work well as therapy for some autistic children; moving the parts around is also physical therapy for the hands.  The uneven parts to this cube add a layer of difficulty.  Pack this for a road trp to keep passengers occupied so that they don't keep asking you "Are we there yet?"  Free sample provided for review
279 There is no question that Alan Cumming had a miserable childhood. It was filled with fear of his father and of school boy bullies.  His father's unpredictable fits of rage made reading about his past very painful, and at times depressing, but it's obvious his father was Alan's drive into acting, and that his older  brother Tom and his mother were the two stable forces in his life.  His parents had a strange marriage, which comes to a head about a forth of the way into this memoir, and explains some things about his father.  Cumming explains it all in a very conversational manner, as if he is talking directly to the reader with whom he feels intimate. Learning the truth about his ancestry shocks him as an adult.  It's obvious that this revelation is the most traumatic thing in his emotional life.  He shares a lot of old photos of himself, his father and his mother and brother.  Cumming switches between the past and the present (2010) in alternating chapters. The sad, depressing, almost frightful tone never leaves the narrative.  His fearsome father takes center stage on every page.  While I admire him for the good man he has become, the image of the father is a hard one to wipe out of one's memory.  Cumming's passion while in character was developed when he was a child living with his father.  One can only be impressed with how well Cumming was able to stay on the straight path in life.  The story is written using Scottish slang, all that is explained clearly.  Still, this is not an easy or joyful read.
280 Callan Wink writes well, but his style is masculine and at times brutal.  It's like cowboy literature after a few too many Budweisers: the conflicts are man versus man.  There is a sense of anger, loss and violence in every one of these stories.  Some end finitely, others end in midthought.  Emotions come out in expletives, swayed by the dusty sage of the Montana foothills. These stories are about trailer-living country folk on the brink of social acceptability.  The themes  are real and contemporary:  neighbors feuding, barn cats getting killed, women, imgrant workers, dogs and cattle getting abused, Native Americans disparaged, families being ignored.  This is the kind of life that many rural folk see, and not just folk in Big Horn country. It can be unsettling for city folk.  While the writing is good, I do not like the implied and direct violence that runs through all these stories, but I certainly know others who like this sort of narrative.  It's like Ernest Hemingway meets Hunter S Thompson.  Read with caution.
281 My dogs loved this food.  I fed all five dogs from this serving as a morning treat.  The consistency is that of thick stew, perfect for hiding medication that one dog needs for her epilepsy.  There is plenty of meat in this, but also a lot of rice and gravy.  There's also no bad smell that I often find in other canned dog foods.  These are nice for travel as they stack well, aren't too heavy, and they open well.  The lids help preserve any leftovers in the frig, but I doubt any dog would keep leftovers because my dogs loved the taste of this.
282 I bought this pail for a cat I keep in a separate room because he doesn't get along well with other cats.  He can't knock this thing over and the handle makes it convenient to carry the pail when I pick it up to wash and refill.  I have had no issues with rust or leaks with this pail.
283 These thin, soft mostly cotton socks are commonly used as liners when a sock-less look is preferred.  What I like about this particular cut is that there is enough material to cover the top of the foot.  Some liners are so minimal on top that they ride off while wearing these.  These stay on the foot.  There's a silicone strip along the top of the heel portion to add more adhesion.  However, my right sock tore a hole over the big toe after only a 30-minute walk outside with my dogs.  I wore this with my Keen sandals  Each sock is placed over a thin oval cardboard so no wrinkles are formed.  There are two socks per bag and you get three bags.  Not a bad deal at all for socks that may last one season.
284 I must admit that this is an interestingly humorous read, especially since it's geared toward younger readers.  While the graphics and the narrative look and read like that of a younger male, the content is a little bit older, and there is definitely a "foreign" (Irish) feel to this, a more mature and more serious attitude about relationships that many American families may find offensive.  There are a lot of footnotes in this book, but most of them are there for added sarcasm, like "machismo - a manly strength some men gain by drinking Italian coffee" or for explaining the many strange Irish customs or lingo.  Bullying, by either Martin's three sisters or his school classmates come up a lot.  Martin is the youngest child in a family of three other girls.  Both Martin and his father Liam feel usurped by the women in the home, and part of the story is Martin's attitude about living with all these women and their "feminine needs."  He wants a strong dad, so his imaginary friend is an adult with a beard, a stronger character than his own father.  Local boy and bully Declan Mannion convinces Martin to let his sister Trisha met him so that he, Declan can fondle her boobs.  While the event doesn't go quite so calmly, it does change Declan.  I agree that this story is a combination of Wimpy Kid and South Park, a rather strange combination of submissive boy and bullied boy tired of how he's treated.  I read this with the intent of sharing this with my 6-year-old grandkid, but I think I'll hold off for a few more years.  This story is more appropriate for middle school boys.
285 Psychologists in all fields will enjoy this scientific read.  Its focus is on the adaptability of an individual.  We all fear change, but in a healthy team setting, we want to be able to fit in to remain in that team and perform at our best. This is more important now that just a few decades ago, when cultural differences were seen as handicaps and undesirable.  This book is a collection from various PhD holders on this topic. Some are more readable than others.  The well-written article "Adaptability and Intercultural Interaction in the Work Context, a Cultural tuning perspective" by Kwok Leung and Grand  Cheng is one such article.  It talks about cultural differences that can arise in the work force and how employees can misinterpret other cultures' behavioral differences such as personal space, eye contact, touching.  Not understanding the differences can create tensions when dealing with negotiations, proposals, after-work parties.  Even conflict resolution is handled differently across the globe.  Understanding these differences makes it easier for superisors, employees and visiting VIPs to better cooperate.  Another interesting article is "Retirement and Adaptability" by Mo Wang and Lee T Penn. Knowing when it's time to leave the work force depends on more than having enough money set aside, it's also knowing what else is available for the person post work-place position.  There are other such articles based on scientific data that are more useful for even the lower manager or supervisor to understand and implement at the work force.  There is much scientific data presented here, so this may not be for everyone.  It's aimed at psychologists and perhaps Human Resource Managers who may prefer science-based data over a more humanitarian aspect.
286 I found these on Prime Day.  I had never heard of this brand before.  I grew up eating Nutella and still enjoy a Nutella bagel for breakfast.  While this stuff doesn't taste like Nutella, the combination of peanut butter and chocolate make for a tasteful delight that derives from that famous European breakfast staple.  My two favorites, therefore, are the "White Chocolate Wonderful" and "Dark Chocolate Dreams" with the dark chocolate mix tasting the best.  The White Chocolate is a tad too sweet for me.  The jars are 16 ounces plastic jars, so ideal to be recycled into storage jars after the product is gone.
287 This short guide isn't just about Normandy or the D-Day Beaches, but about the northern French coastline.  It's rich in history from long before the first two world wars of the 20th century.  The five writers have compiled driving tours that could keep a visitor there for at least 15 days, stopping at museums, churches, palaces and historical sites.  Lonely Planet has long ago forsaken detailed guides.  They now focus on regional guides to give a curious person ideas to research on their own.  Pretty photographs, maps, tips and overall rules of the French ways are given here.  This book is small enough to pack in a carry-on, to use as a reference while in northern France, especially when online options are not available.  This guide is aimed at the American driver landing in Paris and wanting to continue via a rental car.  This is not a detailed guide, but it's a good start.
288 Two gals walking across Tuscany to reach Rome.  The same two gals repeat a walk across India.  The two journeys are like night and day. The only thing in common is that both share encounters with snakes.  I read Torre DeRoche's earlier book "Swept" and enjoyed it, but her constant whining about drowning ruined the reading experience for me.  This book is more mature in tone.  The boyfriend she sailed with a decade earlier is no longer in her life, and her dad died. She still misses both men and she often reflects on her earlier life.  Masha, the Russian-American gal she is walking with, helps cheer her up and shows her how to think more optimistically, and it's Masha's comments that are cheerful while both gals are walking toward Rome.  But then POOF they aren't in Italy anymore.  They are now in Delphi getting ready to walk the route Gandhi took decades earlier.  Gone are the basil and tomato-lined country roads and the heady wine. It's all replaced with groping boys, honking traffic, sauntering cows and dead dogs.  It's like night and day.  It's Ying and Yang.  Toward the end of their Indian odyssey, we learn why Masha is no longer the cheerful gal she was in Italy.  DeRoche is a good writer.  Her descriptive passages draw me in.  Her philosophical musings pull me out. This is a new style of travel writing popular with the new generation of writers: they travel for pay and unanswered questions can be found via the author's blog, Facebook or Twitter account where photos are archived and mysteries solved.
289 Karl Knausgaard is a wonderfully descriptive writer.  But this collection of short essays dedicated to his daughter, is on the dull side.  He writes about all sorts of material things, from windows, chairs, pipes to sugar, manholes and Q-tips.  Who really cares about these things?  I'd rather have read something that his daughter would appreciate later, like essays about the neighbor, the pet, the local politics or even world events.  While there are some musings about the three older siblings and a neighborhood man, there's nothing here that really grabs a reader.  This may be good for Knausgaard fans, but for the ordinary reader, there are more thought-provoking essayists out there.
290 This was a fast read because Steve Sheinkin makes this topic so interesting.  The narrative begins with the events in the Gulf on Tonkin and the now-known non-attack by enemy torpedo boats.  Soon events escalated to full war against the North Vietnamese.   I was in middle school when the trial happened, but I didn't keep up with the details.  The name back then wasn't a household name.  Sheinkin takes Daniel Ellsberg's actions from start to finish, creating a man who was at first very patriotic to becoming anti0war toward the end.  There are many black and white photographs that give Ellsberg a face and personality.  Smart and educated and a veteran himself, Ellsberg has made a name for himself.  The vocabulary is perhaps at a high school level, but this is a fast and comprehensive read for older readers and highly recommended for military history buffs.
291 This is a good attempt for Purina to make decent kibble that doesn't include corn or corn-based kibble.  Chicken and chicken meal are the first two ingredients listed and my dogs are liking this recipe.  Ground rice and whole barley are the third and fourth ingredient, both which are cheap fillers.  I'm not seeing any ill effects by my dogs.  My dogs are large dogs but they like the small kibble.  The added minerals and vitamins help give the dogs added nutrition.
292 I've never bought a Puperoni treat for my dogs before.  They surprisingly all like these bite-sized treats.  They only contain 24% crude protein minimum and 12% crude fat minimum and are made of beef, meat by-products, soy grits, sugar (!!!), liver, salt, propylene glycol, garlic powder, caramel color.  These aren't very nutritious and are made with dubious ingredients for dogs, but somehow my four dogs enjoyed these.  Junk food for canines!
293 This is perhaps the smallest car charger I've seen, but it does the job.  It fits well in my charging slot.  Both my passenger and I can charge our phones via our USB cords.  The charger is a slick black.  This is a great value.  I was provided a free sample in exchange for an honest review
294 Ida Minerva Tarbell lived through the Civil War and died during World War II.  She saw the rise of the rail road, the beginnings of the oil/petroleum era and the industrial revolution, the end of slavery, the start of women's rights, experienced several financial depressions, and saw and the rise of the first big American millionaire, John D. Rockefeller.  The fast-growing wealth from American industrialists also created a fast-growing underclass of poor factory workers who were easily exploited.  She had doting parents who wanted the best for their daughter, yet she was raised in a strict Methodist family that went against her science-prone mind.  Author Emily Arnold McCully wrote this narrative for young readers aged twelve and up, but this is interesting reading for anyone interested in biographical history.  McCully weaves Tarbell's life with the political and industrial events at the time, which help explain how this woman who grew up in a modest family was able to push herself to new limits that had to be opened to her.  This is an easy-to-read book since it's directed toward young readers.  And because Tarbell is not very well known to most people, this made for interesting reading.  McCully doesn't spend too much time on any one chapter.  The earlier chapters go through her first two decades rather quickly, but laying a base knowledge of her young life to understand how she developed as the first big female muckraker.  There are many photographs and illustrations evenly distributed throughout the book.  Thee photos help what is lacking in the narrative:  bringing Ida Tarbell to life.  Because the writing style is very simplistic, the transitional paragraphs are short and sweet and can be used in ELL classes..
295 This is a scholarly work on the evolution of paper and its relation to literature.  It is not an easy read.  There are a lot of little stories in this book that talk about paper in all its forms, and how paper as a communications tool helped bring changes across the globe.  The book is divided into three parts: The Diffusion of Paper in Europe, Behind the Type Area, and The Great Expansion.  All three parts start out interesting enough, but the focus gets lost numerous times with the references to writers and their works and drifting away from the focus on paper to the literary work itself.  Granted, Lothar Mueller states in the Prologue that this book is a a history of paper as it relates to literature.  Perhaps someone with a wide knowledge of world literature would benefit more from this work than one who is not as well-read in such works as I.  I did enjoy, however, the purely historical anecdotes, such as paper in the 14th century being used more for making playing cards than books because most people then were illiterate, as learning to read was something for the wealthier people.  Playing cards became pieces of art when they were painted by hand by artists working with printing color into the paper.  There are many interesting tidbits in this book about the evolution of paper as a communications and trade/commerce  tool.  Communicating via papyrus, parchment and then paper became easier as technology advanced.  The invention of the printing press and the proliferation of paper mills helped advance global needs in trade and communication, in law and science and medicine, but I feel all the little snippets mentioned in this very well researched book could have been written in much shorter chapters.
296 These are very comfortable and soft jeans, but I expected that with 77% cotton/ 22% rayon and 1% Spandex.  They are almost too big and get stretchy by the end of the day, especially around the thick elastic one-inch waist band.  If you were an 8/10 jeans I'd suggest you size down.  However, I would order these again in one size smaller because they do complement my body well without being snug anywhere along the thighs or lower legs.  Th color is even across the material.  The pockets front and back are deep enough to place your fingers in.  I'm 5'7", weigh 138 pounds and these jeans come down to my ankles with a slight flair expected of boot-cut jeans.  By the end of the day I find myself pulling my jeans up to my waist because they are a bit too large and sag.  Made in Bangladesh.
297 I use Cat's Pride regularly for my multiple cat household.  This litter truly has no scent when poured into the box.  Dust is minimal but there is some, so if you are sensitive to dust, pour this out carefully.  As for the weight, the litter in the canister does seem lighter than the lightly-scented variety.  The litter is easy to pour from this plastic canister. The canisters are recyclable after use.  You don't have to use a lot to gain any benefit.  My cats enjoy using this litter.  They will dig around in it when freshly poured, as if the litter were sand from outside. This is a brand I will use again.
298 My SanDisk does hold a lot of data, so I'm not questioning the GB, however, I also noted, as others have, too, that this little thing gets hot when inside the USB port.  Never had that happen before, and I have several SD products.  I thought it was just my Chromebook acting up, but I see this is a problem with the 128GB thumb drive.  I will only use this to transfer data and store photos, but not to download videos on to watch.
299 These sticks aren't much bigger around than a cigarillo, so these are good for big and little dogs.  On some sticks, the chicken fillet is very thin. My shepherds devoured these in no time.  They make nice after walk treats and keep my dogs occupied for about ten minutes.  You get 30 sticks in a large 340g tub, which is a great deal.  My dogs liked these sticks so much, they knocked over the tub from the kitchen counter and ate the entire contents.  I found the yellow lid but still haven't found the tub!  Made in China
300 These size 8 fit my size 8 body just perfectly!  I am impressed. They come up to my navel. These are as soft and comfy as my Lee jeans.  It must be the 81% cotton, 17% Polyester, 2% Elastane mix.  These jeans are very stretchy and don't pinch behind the knees when squatting.  The stitching has a pronounced gold hue.  Comfortable in the hips and belly, too.  The front thighs have that faded look but the rest of the jeans don't.  Pockets front and back fit most of my hand.  By the end of the day the jeans will feel a bit large, though.  I stand at 5'7" and the pants come down to the top of my heel.  The price is right, too.  Lee jeans now has competition.
301 The active ingredient is 16.2% Zinc Oxide.  I like the scent of green tea.  While the fragrance is noticeable coming out of the tube, the scent dissipates in the skin.  The tinted silky cream then blends into your own skin tone for an even color without looking thick or caky.  This cream is not waterproof.  The price alone limits this cream to the face and neck.  To find the list of inactive ingredients, one must peel off the top layer of the tube to read Inactive: Ascorbic Acid, Biotin, Camellia Sinensis (Green Tea) Polyphenols, Centella Asiatica Extract, Ceramide 2, Cetyl PEG/PPG 10/1 Dimethicone, Cyclomethicone, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Emblica Officinalis Fruit Extract, Glyceryl Isostearate, Iron Oxides, Lauryl PEG/PPG-18/18 Methicone, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Methyl Trimethicone, Neopentyl Glycol Diheptanoate, PEG-8 Methyl Triethoxysilane, Phospholipids, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Purified Water, Resveratrol, Silica, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Titanium Dioxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ubiquinone (Coenzyme Q-10).
302 I agree with others who say that this book rambles and at times comes across as a stream of consciousness.  There are beautifully-written parts, though, that make you see the struggles the extended family has had with its Jewishness.  This is in many ways the story of many Jews of the 20th century, with generations moving and coming back to their homeland.  Every family has its story of sufferings and pain.  Lithuania, South Africa and England are where his extended family is from.  Roger Cohen disects his extended family and researches his family tree, then presents it to the public in narrative form.  He focuses on his parents, his grandparents on both sides, cousins, uncles and aunts.  He also describes his mother's mental illness, her internal depression that only got worse as she aged.  Others in his family also suffer from mental illness. Electroshock treatment is the norm at the time to treat depression, and it doesn't seem to have helped anyone in his family.  (She sounds more bi-polar.)  He adds his commentary about the family.  There is a gentleness to his voice, a sensitivity to his mother's lingering illness.  In many ways this book reads like an analysis of why there was so much pain and suffering.  It is this part that may turn off many readers, as at times Cohen gets too introspective.  There are many black-white photographs of his parents and siblings that add intimacy to this story, but there's still a feeling that this book is for the extended Cohen family.
303 My dogs have tried a variety of Dingo treats.  None has ever gotten any of them sick.  My only complaint is that the company uses food coloring, which is unnecessary.  At least these little bones create little to no mess.  I have four shepherd mixes so they can take a small treat, crunch into it once, and the treat is gone.  These mini bones crunch like real bones.  Big dogs may not even bother slobbering these up a bit to soften them.  These leave no greasy residue behind.  The peanut butter isn't very obvious.
304 When I see the name AvoDerm I'm thinking it's derived from Avocado and Derma, the Greek word for skin.  This kibble does contain avocado oil and the kibble has not made my dogs break out in any way (two have sensitive skin).  There's chicken, turkey and lamb meal in this formula and several fillers that are easy to digest.  The kibble is a medium brown small size that smaller dogs could enjoy.  There are plenty of vitamins and minerals added.
305 These treats look like half jerky, half French fry and yet my dogs go nuts over these.  The pieces are very manageable, even for big dogs, and are neither stinky nor greasy.  The pieces are not uniform in size.  They are hard treats that quickly get soft, so there is no choking hazard, and these have not gotten my dogs sick yet.  Even the pieces that just have the potato part on them are eaten quickly.  I'll be buying these again.
306 These are rather short boyshorts.  I have a full bum and want full bum coverage. You don't get that with these.  While the material is soft and comfortable, and the wide elastic keeps these in place without riding up the crack,  I don't like the fit on me as it's too short on the bum.
307 I have been tending to several animals of a friend of mine who has been hospitalized.  One such animal is an aging horse, who after a month of getting this in his feed has shown some restored energy.  His stool is firm again.  I believe this sweet-smelling powder-like supplement is to thank.  This is finely-ground alfalfa with soybean and other supplements.  The bucket seals well.  A one-ounce scoop is included.
308 The white sweater as worn by the model is accurate in fit and style.  I ordered a white sweater in size medium.  It's a comfortable fit for someone size 6-8.  The material is soft and comfortable and the sleeves are designed to be rolled up the arms (thus the slight longer length).  The thinness is ideal for those Arizona spring and summer evenings.  Because of the cotton it's best to wash this in a gentle cycle in cool water.
309 My cats really like this formula.  The gravy is a thick fish broth and it smells of it, but it's also countered with chicken liver.  Nothing was ever wasted.  Wellness has been a part of my cats' diet for years, so they are used to their formulas. This didn't make them sick in any way.  I see small pieces of carrots.  Stools are firm.  Fish Broth, Chicken, Tuna, Chicken Liver, Dried Egg Whites, Dried Ground Peas, Natural Flavor, Carrots, Guar Gum, Sodium Phosphate, Ground Flaxseed, Salt, Calcium Carbonate, Potassium Chloride, Taurine, Choline Chloride, Cranberries, Minerals (Iron Amino Acid Chelate, Zinc Amino Acid Chelate, Copper Amino Acid Chelate, Manganese Amino Acid Chelate, Sodium Selenite, Potassium Iodide), Vitamins (Thiamine Mononitrate, Vitamin E Supplement, Niacin, d-Calcium Pantothenate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin A Supplement, Biotin, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Vitamin B12 Supplement, Folic Acid).
310 I used this twice while on a log roadtrip.  I does a really fine job removing the bug grime from the front of the vehicle.  It's also easy on the hands when mixed properly and doesn't cause any irritation.  Not much is needed of this mixture.  I can't speak for the paint as my paint job is already oxidizing. The flattened bottle makes this easy to store.
311 This story about a young boy, Ben, abandoned shortly after birth parallels the story of Flip, the abandoned dog in this narrative.  Flip does play a prominent part, but this story covers a lot of topics that middle schoolers are particularly sensitive about:  a stable family, love and acceptance, fitting in and being liked, putting up with bullies and dealing with being different.  Like Ben, many kids these days also have a home life they often hide from their peers: domestic abuse or neglect, a parent on drugs or alcohol, gay relatives or people they are close to who are just plain weird.  Paul Griffin takes a lot of today's sensitive topics for preteens and writes a nice story here.  It's a quick read for me, but a story that should bring out discussion topics with parents and their children.  This is not a graphic story but Griffin touches on many topics here that kids can relate to, love and loss being the big ones, but also accepting differences and learning to love oneself.  I knew from selecting this book that it would be a sad story, and it is.  And it does involve a loveable dog, but Flip is also a uniter in this story.
312 These tungsten carbide rings are the new fad among young people as they look like gold but are far more affordable.  I opted to try this because my original gold band I wore had gotten scratched up. Tungsten is a much stronger and heavier metal than gold.  My sample weighs .2 ounces.  I ordered a size 6 and it fits perfectly on my left ring finger.  The raised middle etching is noticeable and adds a simple elegance to an otherwise simple design.  Best of all, though, is that this ring does not tarnish!  After wearing this ring for four days and nights, in and around water and through the woods, the ring still shines like new and still looks like new.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review
313 I first discovered Lavazza seven years ago when I tried their espresso blend. This more milder blend is just as robust and lacks bitterness.  The beans are finely ground to bring out the flavor.  This coffee is neither acidic nor bitter and yet delivers a satisfying taste.  It does very well in my espresso machine.
314 I will admit I had a hard time getting into this little read.  The protagonist, Richard Moonlight, was too much of a breast-obsessed hallucinator for me to feel sympathy for him.  Male readers may find this especially enticing.  Moonlight is a memory-suffering private detective hired to find the missing father of his latest client, whose mission only brings more sideaches for him.  This is a fast read with clever dialogue.  The chapters are short and fast, revealing, especially in the second half, little tips that can be hard to overlook. The end is clearly not an end, and we already know there are two more sequels to this story.  The characters all suffer from convincing character development, though.  Other than Moonlight's fascination with his former lover, not much else about him is revealed.  He's like a young boy who just recently discovered that his reproductive organs are used for more than just urination.  This is no early Tom Clancy, though.  There are some scenes that come across as too articial, too cliche, such as a scene in which both Moonlight and his sidekick Georgie are in a moving vehicle with their hands tied behind them with duct tape and what follows.  Perhaps with more descriptions and emotions this scene and a few others could have build up the suspense.  If anything, this book is more of a mystery suffering from some thrilling and suspenseful moments.  But, for mystery readers this is a pleasant read, a fast read, a read that I would describe as enjoyable "dik lit" for men.
315 I can read Spanish and often pick up words when reading Spanish comics.  The language in this book is an easy Spanish I.  The pages are heavily illustrated in thick matted magazine paper.  There is one sentence per page.  Interesting how there are 15 prior reviews and they all said something differently.  To me this story was a metaphor for today's kids who walk the sidewalks with their faces in their cellphones, never looking up when people pass them by...until a bird poops on the head.  Bu is a whitish troll who always has his head to the ground, never looking up.  Townsfolk pass him, greet him, and he doesn't respond. But when a bird poops on his head and he looks up, he suddenly notices the world around him:  the various people, the trees and of course the birds.  He sees the beauty around him and is fascinated.  On the back cover in Spanish it says "Buscar is a story that helps us assess what we have close by and that we sometimes do not see."
316 The best thing about this book is Leon Logothetis' positive attitude and being able to convey that in a very engaging manner, as if he's speaking to the reader directly.  His advice is simple:  take risks, master the fear.  He then asks the reader to analysis themselves.  What were the five key events that made you who you are today?  He leaves space open to write down some words.  Have a dream and keep the faith.  As he shares his advice to the reader, he also intersperses the narrative with his own life story, traveling across the US on $5 a day and relying on the kindness of others for the rest.  He only mentions that adventure in a few paragraphs, how he managed spending a mere $5/day remains a secret. This is the part that bothered me, as it sounds like so many other world trips by millenials: have the journey funded through donations (he calls it "kindness") by others!  Whip up a good story about your dream to get people to listen to you.  Think about the accidental opportunities you had, and the accidental heroes you met a long the way.  A lot of the information is superficial, but it sounds nice.  And in a philosophical way, the advice is sound.  We need to see others as helpers to our dreams, as we all are either teacher or student in any relationship.  We need to be kind to each other and pay back in some way.  This book is easy and fun to read and there are some nice anecdotes interspersed in the chapters, but in the end I gained nothing new for myself because I know the kind of world traveling he does is dependent on charity.
317 David Szalay has an interesting writing style.  He is a minimalist with words and emotion.  In this book he portrays nine men, ranging in age from 17 to 73.  Most are in London but some are in Belgium, Italy and other parts in Europe. The men want acceptance and seem to fail, mostly because of the choices they make. Szalay is English and there are British expressions that may confuse some people.  (I had no idea a "spliff" was a "joint.")  It took me a few stories into this book to like the plot of these stories.  What bothers me is how he portrays women. All the women are mere objects, either sexual or emotional and older women are reminded of their fading beauty whose only purpose it seems is to cook and clean for the men.  There is a lot of smoking, lager drinking, hotel rooms and showers.  Most of the men are on a journey; they are traveling somewhere and are either trying to escape their lives or trying to find it.  The landscape is secondary and then it's usually raining, windy or just not very inviting.  The men in the middle stories face conflict with their peers and do some nasty things to each other.  The stories have nice twists in the end. Not one man is affectionate, truly loving, sensitive or positive-thinking.  The stories all have a sadness about them.  This is definitely not a feel-good book.  The title intrigues me.  Is this all that man is?  I hope not, as none are really likeable except for the man in the last story.
318 My dogs are big fans of all chicken and beef treats and these are no exception.  You get around 32 pieces of these semi-moist treats  They have ridges in them from which to break off smaller bits, which is perfect for training.  These leave no residue in the hand, nor give the dog bad reactions.  My dogs are all over 50 pounds and I'm allowed to give them each three pieces a day, according to the instructions.  The bag is resealable, which I appreciate.  These strips will dry out if left out for long.  Top ingredients are chicken, ground rice, vegetable glycerin, dried cane syrup, natural flavors, tapioca starch, salt, distilled vinegar, natural smoke flavor and caramel for color.
319 This seems like an ingenious item, and it did upload at first.  But this is only for in-house use, as the range is minimal.  Device fits into a standard man's wallet easily, however, it makes the phone turn itself off all too often, which is very aggravating.
320 This pet bed is designed for metal crates with plastic crate liners around which these beds are secured.  The sides are well-padded and stuffed, but the center is thin and just thick enough to take any cold out of the plastic.  The bed does wash well and retain its shape, but the white material will quickly fade to light grey.  The thin, lightweight material is ideal for travel as these fold in half well.  The fleece compresses after washing, providing a denser cover for the dog.  Ideal for crates, but work well as protective cover in a vehicle, or on a couch.  This is a good, durable pet bed.
321 Who was Nadar?  As an amateur photographer, this was an interesting read about a man I knew nothing about, but what an interesting man he was!  An eccentric bohemian in his younger years, he was jovial and outgoing and seem to attract all the well-known Frenchmen of his era:  Alexander Dumas, Victor Hugo to name a few.  When photography was still a developing art, Nadar used it to introduce the world to a variety of styles, from aerial to post-mortem photography.  He left a vast archive of his portraits of famous people but he seemed to leave little for Adam Begley to work with that delved more into his way of thinking.  The book is full of samples of his photography that help explain the text, but just like Begley's previous book "Updike," the style is very journalistic.  While well researched, there's little of Nadar to allow me to get close to him.  He was talented, he was witty, he was the life of the party and he lived through some chaotic times with the war against the Prussians, but there is a level of dissonance here toward Nadar the man.  At times this text reads like a chronological report of all his clients.  For fans of photography this is a good read.  If there's one thing I got out of this quick read is how big an influence Nadar was on Paris during the second half of the 19th century.
322 These transparent dividers are a perfect addition for those big binders students need for college classes.  Loose-leaf hand-outs and other flyers are easily protected and easily accessible this way.  The plastic makes these harder to rip from the holes, too.  The colored tabs make these easier to divide by topic.  The size is a standard binder size, so these dividers don't stick out from the rest of the binder and create a bulky appearance.
323 Mitchell Zuckoff has already proven to his readers that he writes well.  He knows how to create suspense and thrill.  Here cold Mother Nature devours her own children.  The November 1942 plane crash and the story of the crew members is well-recorded and researched.  The World War II backdrop is just as engaging, as I never have read much about Iceland's involvement in this world conflict.  Interesting is also the effort the US military did to recover the crew members.  Other planes like the B-17F were involved, trying daily to find the downed plane that was reported near water.  The problem with this bomber plane is that its altimeter measured elevation from sea level and not ground level...  The 1942 story is spine chilling. Photographs of the crew and the wreckage are throughout the book. What gets in the way is the introduction of the 2011 search in Greenland, the "Duck Hunt" that takes away from the original story of the 1942 crew and the personal stories of Harry Spence, Bill O'Hara, Paul Spina,Brent Balchen, Max Demorest and others.  The original tale of disaster and severe forces of nature, human conflicts, survival and rescue with food drops and dog sleds is chilling enough and deserves its own dedicated story.  Taking out the 2011 story would shorten the book and make it perhaps more enticing.  It's still worth the read for those seeking a good adventure story.
324 I don't diet and don't need to, but I find this drink very tasty, with a slight gritty aftertaste, and with enough nutrition to keep me satiated for a few hours.  This drink definitely satifies my chocolate craving!  One bottle contains 190 calories, with 50 of those from fat.  It provides 20% of protein, 20% of dietary fiber, and 17% of potassium for a daily intake, and many vitamins and minerals.  This is made from fat-free milk, water, sugar and cocoa among other things.  But while this is tasty, I do wonder why Plastic #7 is used for the bottles, which are not recyclable.  This waste adds up quickly considering two bottles are recommended each day. In the end I question the high cost of this product as it is packaged.  I'd prefer this in powder form for easier and more affordable distribution.
325 These "jeans" are almost too stretchy and do not feel like demin.  It's very thin material that can rip easily. The back pockets are small; if I sit down, my wallet falls out.  I'd hate to lose a wallet or phone this way.  These pants are low-riders.  I'd rather they cover the butt better.  These are definitely great for teens and young women but for us older gals, not that attractive.  The legs could stand being an inch longer.
326 This stuffed beagle may not be life size for a beagle, but it sure does come close as a beagle puppy in size and coloring.  This stuffed dog is slightly larger than my six-year-old adult cat Pache Boy (whose current nick name is much less flattering for reasons I won't divulge here), but much less lighter than a real beagle pup.  The innards are soft, so there's no loud rustling from the inside when hugging this dog.  The eyes are the only part that are "off" as my sample's left eye has black liner that doesn't outline the eye.  The dog also has no whiskers.  The floppy ears are sewn to remain downward.  The dog is made to remain in a sitting position, so this will go well on a bed cover, a desk, or even in a car (but be careful of sun fading).  I received a free sample in exchange for a review
327 I have been using this waterproof and flexible measuring tape every day since it arrived. The flexibility gives me better recordings of non-straight diameters, such as measuring my dogs' girth, the distance of objects I am photographing, etc.  This tape doesn't tear easily and is firm enough to make accurate measurements across fabric.  While this tape says it measures 120 inches or 300 cm, you can actually get 121 inches out of this tape or 310cm, because there are blank areas on both sides.  The length alone helps measure large areas, like blankets, table cloths, door frames, etc.  The tape comes with a wide rubber band to hold the tape in place during transport, but I quickly lost that ring.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
328 I have to chime in with the majority here that this shampoo is mild, foams well, and leaves a subtle scent of vanilla.  Our dogs have had an uneventful winter season with no itchiness, but what I have noticed is that this shampoo doesn't irritate me, either.  My hands don't dry out or break out after using this. This is mild but effective shampoo.
329 These little plastic stakes are a great deal for the busy gardener.  The enclosed blue pen is waterproof as my plants have already endured some monsoonal rains this month.  This kind of plastic, however, is sensitive to sunlight and unless kept in the shade of the plants, won't last more than one growing season.  These stakes are easy to write on, easy to stick into the soil, and very, very affordable.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest, unbiased review
330 This cell booster does exactly what it claims to do:  it boosts cell phone signals.  It does NOT create a hotspot if there is no initial signal to boost.  This device is best suited where reception is at one or two bars, as this booster will give you one extra bar of strength, causing less loss of internet reception, or the occurrence of dropped calls.  The system initially looked daunting to assemble, but the enclosed instructions were quite easy.  The important thing is to keep the outdoor antenna in the middle of the vehicle.  The cables are strong and can handle having the doors shut on them  (However this does look messy for those who dislike cables everywhere)  I find the "blue box" bulky, though, and there are no other means of securing this thing other than placing it under the driver's seat.  It's a pretty pricy accessory for what you get for it, still, this would have been so handy over my recent road trip all over the Northwest.
331 Despite the high price and fine ingredients, two of my four cats didn't care for this canned food and to prevent flies from infesting the contents, would feed the leftovers to the dogs.  Taste of the Wild dry kibble appears to be much more favorable for my felines than this stuff.  I can't buy this again if only 50% of the cats eat it.
332 <div id="video-block-R2SQB0OUB1NBH5" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1MEm9SVUVS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1Q3%2BzFKTZS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;&nbsp;This is a video showing potential buyers of this product how quickly the foam disappears after application.  There is no residue on the plants or soil after use.  Directions say to use two pumps on small potted plants, and up to five pumps for plants six inches in diameter or larger.  I used only one pump for demonstration purposes.  These are my Quinault strawberries on February 14, 2015.  They had been covered in pine needles over the winter and are already showing new growth.  Strawberries are heavy feeders and I've used African violet fertilizer on my Quinaults in the past with success.  The guaranteed analysis of this foam (as per the label on the back) consists of:  0.25% urea nitrogen 0.125% ammoniacal nitrogen 0.125% nitrate nitrogen 01.0% phosphate 0.5% soluble potash  This stuff has no odor, no residue, no oily film to it.  The eight-ounce bottle is ergonomically designed and feels comfortable in the hand.  The pump works with no leaks or clogging.  I will be watching my plants more closely in the next few weeks to see how well it works on getting my plants to bloom.
333 I have always enjoyed Southern literature.  Linda W Jackson is a magical story teller, and her talent is weaving history into the plot to make it comprehensive for children.  This story is told in the voice of Rose Lee Carter, a 13-year-old black girl living with her aunt and grandmother.  She is smart and socially aware of what is going on.  It's 1955, the fall after the brutal beating death of Emmett Till.  The two white killers were allowed to walk free while blacks around her, even in her extended family, are arrested for slapping white men.  Her aunt and grandmother work for a wealthy white family that does not understand why black folk are enraged at the social injustice.  The story takes place over two months, November and December 1955.  Rose Lee sees and hears a lot about black people starting to unite and protest inequality in schools, housing discrimination, lower pay, lack of voting privileges, unequal penalties, etc.  Jackson weaves all the social woes in this story including broken families, teen pregnancy, migration to northern cities where there were good factory jobs for blacks.  The characters all come alive and it's a hard book to put down.  While there is use of the "N" word, this depicts the attitude of the time.  Vocabulary is appropriate for middle schoolers.  This is the second of two books but the book stands alone.
334 These are surprisingly comfortable glasses.  My sample is a grey gradient that does not distort natural colors. I wear these aviator-type glasses while driving in the summer (and leave the heavier glasses for more outdoorsy stuff).  The nose bridge does not pinch on or around my nose, the sides do not press into my head, and the arms don't hurt around the ears. The frame is metal but the lenses are plastic and they are lightweight.  These would fit small to medium-sized heads.  There is some nice detail in the metal frames.  The lower ends of the frames touch my upper checks but do not press down on my face.  Due to how our eyes focus in on things as a pair, though, one can see the two dots from the screws holding the nose piece in place.  These two screws are shaped like little roses, but from the eye's point of view, come through as two dark specks across the field of vision.  The glasses come in a thin nylon pouch inside a small lined box with magnetic closure and a small cleaning cloth.  As with all things plastic and thin, I will be watching for durability with these glasses.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
335 Sarah is one confident little girl who always seems to want to get involved with other people's issues.  This time it is about nesting pigeons outside her apartment.  One of the birds is killed by a larger bird, which upsets Sarah and her friends, until they learn that the bigger bird probably did so out of territorial reasons.  While themes of empathy and kindness come through in this story, the plot is also about compassion and understanding of differences, themes that seem to prevail in this Simply Sarah series.  This is a fast read for young readers with some illustrations to go along with the plot.
336 This feels more like a bed than a cot.  I'm used to the plain canvas cots that rip after a few months.  This cot is heavier, wider and four inches longer than a standard camping cot. The canvas is attached to the frame via springs, taking the stress off the canvas when laying down.  While this is a rather large cot even when folded over, it does fit in the back of my Dodge Caravan when fully extended as a sleeping surface.  I place my clothes and other supplies underneath.  When I road trip, I tend to sleep in my van at camp sites or in the national forest, rather than pay outrageous monies for hotel rooms. I'm only 5'7" but my 6'2" son likes this cot, too.  It's the most comfortable cot I've had and I've had four different ones over the years.
337 This one-size-fits-all fedora is too large for my head.  It's even too big for my husband who wears a 7 1/8".  It's a nice-looking pliable weave with a tad of light blue that looks nicer in real life than in the photograph.  This will require an insert around the sweat band to make the fit more fitting and more comfortable.  It comes wrapped in clear plastic inside a standard Amazon box, with no other padding around it.
338 Dan Gookin wrote the first Dummies book, "PC for Dummies" which I used almost 20 years ago when I got my first PC.  The humor then was charming, and the humor in this book is just as witty.  Readers will enjoy the light-hearted way in which Gookin describes every nuance of this nifty phone.  Gookin, however, tells readers not to read this cover-to-cover, but to instead go to the chapter that one is interested in.  I went straight to "Fireless Wireless" to read up on pairing the phone with a bluetooth device, then let my husband read it as he didn't understand that technology.  Gookin makes it very easy to understand.  I learned that I can print documents from the phone to a bluetooth-enabled printer.  Gookin both goes step-by-step with any of the phone's features and explains what the features do, so this book serves two purposes:  familiarizing Fire users with the phone and explaining what each feature does and why.  There are colorful photographs all throughout this book.  There are tips, warnings and reminders in every chapter.  I won't list the many useful chapters as they are viewable when one looks inside this book's index.  This is a highly recommended book for the first-time Fire user.  Gookin's Dummies series are the best!
339 I earned my teaching certificate ten years ago.  I took all the required courses in curriculum development, lesson planning, classroom management.  The only area that wasn't offered or required was technological devices in the classroom.  I had to learn all that on my own, and it is not very easy.  Professional development classes after the students got released was the best my district could provide.  While this book doesn't teach one to work the technologies, Sonny Magana really makes a great claim for the benefits, using data and research and his own experience.  Teachers have to get away from the standard and boring classroom lecture/textbook to more digital means that the students can relate to and engage with.  This book has encouraged me to take more of the professional courses offered to us.
340 I use these for my Dunkin Donuts coffee.  The tall container stacks well without cramming up my counter.  It's the right size for one 24-ounce bag of coffee with an inch to spare. The coffee smell doesn't stick to the container if washed down with soapy water.  The tall, narrow container is easy to hold, making this size even more desirable in the kitchen.  The punch-down top also keeps the contents vacuum fresh.
341 The green is a very vivid green that brightens up the bathroom when the morning sun hits the window at an angle.  The vibrancy is the fist thing I noticed when I unwrapped the package.  The curtain itself is 100% polyester of medium grade. It's not a heavy curtain and you may want to use a thick liner to keep this curtain from blowing into the shower during hot showers.  The stitching is even, with no visible frays anywhere.  The grommets are punched in securely.  The only flaw is the cheap plastic hooks that come with this curtain.  I'm keeping my metal hooks for aesthetic reasons.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
342 Frances Mayes is a gifted writer.  Her Italy stories flow like poems, and she is excellent at portraying scenes with her vivid imagery.  The sticky South full of chirping cicadas, woodpeckers and aromatic magnolias all provide for a defined sense of place.  But this memoir is about her family living in Georgia of the 1940s and 1950s.  While her family was well-off, the parents both had addiction problems.  Frances learned early in life to not depend on a man to make her happy, even though that was expected of women in both North and South back then.  I found the tone in this memoir reeking of loneliness and wanting to belong, to please.  I enjoy Southern literature even though I am a Northerner.  Southern literature is typically full if imagery and a sense of belonging, and she does that part very well.  I visited Oxford, MS ten years ago as I traveled the south, and enjoyed that part of the country. She was raised by her parents to dislike the "Yankees" and that attitude gets old fast.  I don't hold this against Mayes as this is a memoir of her childhood, how she remembers her Georgia from a young girl/woman's perspective.  While nothing too exciting happens in her early life, if you enjoy Southern places in literature, this isn't a bad start.  She luckily was a strong-enough woman early on not to repeat the dysfunction of her own parents.  And perhaps her early childhood made her appreciate the beauty around her, which comes out in her Tuscanny-inspired writing.
343 This is such a fascinating story because of the subject matter.  Putting humans on exhibit and then tour with them?  That has been done before with our Native American tribes, and "Buffalo Bill" Cody.  Never mind the slave auctions from 100 plus years ago as well. But reading about the treatment of the Igorrote tribe from the Phillipines, and how they were tossed around not as humans, but as part of a freak show, is both disturbing and humbling.  They were denied any sense of humanity so that Americans could feel better about the outcome of the Spanish-American war.  Claire Prentice writes well and keeps the story flowing.  This is perhaps why this story is so sad, because the story is true and we don't seem to have learned much from our own history.
344 This is what I needed for my leaking coffee machine.  This mat collects the water my coffee machine drips off every time I use it.  It's not a lot of water, but it does collect under the machine.  This mat now keeps leaks from spreading on the counter.  This is a 3/4 inch rubber mat, very thick that stays in place.  It looks like a giant Lego piece. The mat looks nice underneath our black coffee maker, which does not emit any heat from the bottom.  It also keeps coffee mugs from leaving rings when placed on the mat.  It also keeps cold mugs from perspiring on the counter as well.  To clean this, run this under warm soapy water and rinse.  That's all that's needed!  I received a free sample in exchange for a review.
345 I've only had this memory card for little over two months and am using it exclusively in my Canon 7D.  It uploads fast to my computer, which is great for the many short videos I make, but I'm seeing more than my fair share of blank shots of images using this card as opposed to SanDisk or other brands.  I'll get two or three in a row of white space for every 300 shots or so.  Video recordings seem to come out fine, it's only with the images I see some issues.  This is not a mission stopper for me as I always take several shots of the same angle or pose, but the blanks shots are noticeable.  This is perhaps from the speed of the card:  it's too fast to record its own data
346 My dogs like these a lot!  They are rectangular, fibrous bars that break easily.  They are crumbly but not greasy or stinky.  Ingredients are chicken, tomatoes, cranberries, flaxseed, cane molasses, peas, carrots, spinach, apples, salt, tocopherols, rosemary extract, zinc propionate, ascorbic acid, glucosamine hydochloride, chondroitin sulfate.  So dogs get a healthy dosage of fruits and vegetables with these!  One can see bits of these vegetables in these bars.  Guaranteed analysis includes crude protein min at 30%, crude fat min 18%, crude fiber max 5%.  Made in USA
347 This version of French Vanilla Coffemate is quite tasty.  I want to say it's because it contains real sugar and not high fructose corn syrup. Serving this at room temperature really brings out the creamy flavor. It's also thicker than regular Coffeemate that one finds in the grocery cooler. The pump action is also quite nice, and something that I can see being used for large conferences where impressions are important.  Just be sure to read the directions for putting on the pump; once on, the pump does not screw off.  But why the high price?  While this bottle may be cheaper than those small creamer cups found in hotels and restaurants, paying USD14 for 21 ounces seems unreasonably high.  I'd like to see these bottles sold without the pump and have the pump be reusable.  3+
348 My two fetching GSDs enjoyed this toy so much, that after just a few weeks the outer felt cover starting tearing open.  Eventually that cover came completely off and what was left over looked more like a phallic toy I would be embarrassed to photograph and upload here.  The toy eventually broke apart at the seams in a few months.  The dogs enjoyed it because it was easy to hold in their mouths,  It was a well-weighed toy that was on the heavy side for a fetch toy. It got a lot of use in its short life, though.
349 This book covers all the areas that new users need to be aware of. From initial set-up to connecting to wireless connection, customizing, texting and voicing, getting email set up, networking, making calls, working and uploading apps, browsing the web and taking photos, using the GPS, playing music...this book shows it all with very detailed screenshots of a simple S5.  This phone uses several improved features over its predecessor. The Samsung S5 is currently the newest release that uses fingerprint recognition. This is an added anti-fraud feature that is quite easy to activate when using the steps in this book. The TouchWiz Interface comes in very handy when using the GPS. All these features are shown in step-by-step screenshots to help the new S5 user understand how to best make this phone work.  The Samsung S5 is an impressive phone and this book helps the new user use all the features effectively
350 The author works on content development for Uncommon schools, a  charter school chain devoted to teaching urban students to make sure they graduate and go on to college.  There is a lot of useful information in this rather hefty book.  The book is targeted to coaches/mentors but new teachers can read this, too.  And it's not just for charter schools, because there is useful information from just about anything that requires a good lesson:  from planning the learning period to managing the classroom, talking to students and parents and how to best give feedback.  This comes with a DVD that shows short clips 1-3 minutes long that cover the mentoring aspect.  These clips can also be accessed online (the website is mentioned  on page xix) and anyone who has a hard copy of the book can access it free of charge.  The idea behind this format is to break teaching down into small steps, to practice them, repeat them and to develop a routine as a teacher.  This helps the students be better organized as well.  There are places in this book to write in, and many tips for new teachers.  This is the kind of book that takes weeks to truly absorb.
351 It's a shame that this product is being discontinued.  The strips do work when placed in the right area, and with this product placing it in a sunny location makes a big difference.  Perhaps this also limits the effectiveness of this product, though.  The strips have a strong "pinesol" odor to them at first, but that dissipates within a day.  It's when the odor subsides that flies start landing on this strip, ESPECIALLY when it's hanging in a warm, sunny location.  I have a few strips hanging near my cats' litter boxes, that are in deep shadows, and they catch nothng.  The stickiness lasts for a few months, enough to make the strip nasty-looking.  This ten-pack is a great savings over the four-pack.
352 Ouch.  This is one Avery product I had some trouble with.  You only get 20 cards with this package, four per sheet, and the only instructions are the ones that come with all Avery products.  Downloading the template isn't difficult, it's lining the cards with the laminate afterwards that gets tricky.  Several cards get destroyed perfecting the print-out.  The final product is not very durable, either.  I'd recommend getting a cheap lamination machine, as it will save money down the road.
353 I am not a religious person.  I read books about comparative religion.  Like Reza Aslan, I've always felt that god is man-made and created in humans' image and not the other way around.  Aslan writes well and keeps the narrative interesting by injecting text with other scholars' works.  This is a short book that takes just a few hours to read.  However, as a history, it lacks the background to Chinese and African deities or even the varied gods or spirits of Native Americans.  Instead, in the end the book morphs into a book about Christianity, Judaism, and Islam, with the last word going to the Sufis.  This is best recommended for non-believers or non-Christians.  Aslan writes well and backs up his statements with much research.  It's worth the read.
354 I am a female Iraqi War veteran and this is why I wanted to read this story:  not enough attention is given to female veterans.  This story was at times painful to read because of the violence.  There are three women and their families that are profiled here. The story starts out quickly, with a devastating hurricane blowing through a New York town.  There is much death and destruction afterward and this is evident in both the literal and figurative sense.  The story begins with veteran Rin and her blind daughter Juney.  One of the doctors checking Juney out, Naema, is of Iraqi descent, which causes Rin to be less than hospitable to the doctor. Naema left Iraq with her son Tariq, who lost part of his leg in a car bomb.  Tariq hangs out with Flanner, the son of Beth and Todd. Todd is a Marine who's been to Iraq three times and gets violent flashbacks of his combat tours.  There is also Louis, uncle of Flanner, who also served a tour in Iraq.  His wife committed suicide and he's still dealing with that loss. All three women fight their demons because of the war.  All have been victims but none of them is ready to give up.  However, thanks to the children in the story, each from one of the three women, the adults learn about each other and learn to cope with their demons.  The wolves in the title are real and are both a metaphor as well as real.
355 This is a truly heart-breaking story on many levels.  Jennifer Clement's prose alone is haunting and yet gripping, and you have an idea early that the fate of the people in this story is most likely not going to end very well.  The sense of hopelessness and to an extent even helplessness is evident here.  The characters all had choices to make, yet none of the choices were good ones.  This is not the kind of story one reads hoping for a happy ending.
356 This is a collection of 313 of California's lost treasures scattered around the state.  It starts with northern California and travels southward, and includes a pull-out map for better reference.  Each reference is then numbered and a paragraph of the treasure legend is mentioned.  This is a nice reference for travelers, and makes for interesting campfire or barside talk later on.  This is not a detailed description of every possible gold mine with GPS; the references are general since many of the treasures are on private land.  Remember that a legend is a story that's repeated enough to soak into popular lore, and these places are not always verified.  There are also references in the back with contact information for the Bureau of Land Management and California Department of Conservation, abandoned mine specific hazards and wildlife hazards like bears, cougars, coyotes, elk and snakes  This book comes in spiral notebook form, which makes this easier to read while on the trail, in the car, or out and about.  It's also wrapped in tight plastic to keep safe while in transit, and that is good because my local postal delivery person dropped this envelope at my front door during a recent rain storm.  The envelope was damp but the book escaped any damage.  I received a free sample in exchange for an honest review.
357 Greg Graffin is best when he talks biology and science/environmentalism.  The early chapters on Los Angeles smog, the use of DDT and later the interactions of bacteria and viruses are all well presented even for those who lack a background in biology.  He is less engaging when he drifts into history although all that is interesting, too.  Each chapter reads independently of other chapters, which makes this book easy to read in sections.  In each chapter the theme is the symbiosis of all life and population stewardship.  We need to stop senseless, brutal wars and careless handling of the environment.  Mass extinctions were always after a traumatic change in the atmosphere or in the oceans.  Yet extinctions and wars go together and humans do have the power to stop both.  Graffin is passionate about demanding we as Earth residents work together as societies and governments to maintain an ecological balance for all peoples.  I am not familiar with Graffin's music or earlier books, but this was a good introduction to his life thesis and well worth reading.
358 I wear tank tops under blouses that I wear to work, for added warmth and protection. I ordered several of these in size medium in various colors.  The medium shirts fit my size 8 body on the snug side, which is what I wanted, so that they fit better under my blouses.  If you want the tops to fit like they are on the models, order a size Large.  The material is soft.  These wash well in warm water.
359 My dogs really went after these.  Salmon was a taste they had to get used to a year ago.  Now salmon seems to be in more dog treats.  These jerky pieces are made of salmon, glucosamine chondroitin sulfate and vegetable glycerin, with a crude protein of 53% min and a crude fat of 12% min.  These clearly smell of salmon but are not greasy or leave a residue on the hands.  The bag is resealable but treats like these with four big dogs never last long.
360 I like these.  The numbered tabs adhere greatly to my textbook pages.  One of my instructors has assignments numbered, so these tabs complement his number system:  Tab #1 corresponds to Assignment #1, etc.  I simply stick the corresponding number of the tab to the same-numbered assignment in the textbook for quick reference.  These tabs look so much nicer and neater than the strips of post-it tape I've been using to mark book references.  These are sturdy-made tabs, too.  They won't rip off or tear easily.  They are also easily removed and placed elsewhere (although, with time, the stickiness will surely wear off).  They also work well on thin paper, such as my Norton Anthology of American Literature.  For pages with writing all over them, these tabs will not disguise any print, as one can read through the tab.  My only complaint?  The small trial package I received didn't have enough tabs!
361 This hard putty works on smooth, non-porous surfaces only.  I got this to put up laminated posters on the wall.  It works initially, but a few days later, all the posters had fallen down again.  The classroom has painted cinderblock walls.  It works best on metal, plastic, glass.  It also works where gravity is not as important.  It's easy to use, doesn't smell, and doesn't leave your hands feeling gooey. It also loses some of its strength after the first use, so this isn't as reusable as advertised.
362 The size Large fits my 60-pound border collie mix nicely.  I only had to add two inches on either side.  The nylon straps are padded and well-made.  The harness is easy to put on and take off.  The padded handle can pull my dog to safety in an emergency.  The D-ring is secure.  I like the reflective stitching in this harness.  My dog has dark fur, but the reflective tape shines in sunlight and makes him easier to spot.  While the backstrap is only six inches long, that's long enough for the understraps to reach around my dog's front legs without pinching.  My dog can run with this one without any problem.  My dogs are hiking dogs who go the distance.  This looks like a heavy-duty harness for dogs who like to hike and backpack.  The snaps are plastic, so if either of them fail, I'll be back to update this.
363 My cats are collar-free since they stay inside, but my oldest, an ornery six-year-old Siamese mix named Apache Boy (Pache), does like to dart outside  and stay out overnight.  I'd rather he be locked up at night and stay inside during the day and harass the other cats.  I opted to try a collar on him so that at least the birds outside get some warning.  He is a hunter.  The collar comes defaulted to fit a ten-pound cat like Pache.  The canvas lining around is solid and is adjustable.  The plastic snaps are quick release, meaning that with pressure, the snaps will open.  This comes in handy if the cat gets the collar caught on a wire and needs to escape.  The ribbons are sewn on the collar on the ends but can be cut off.  Pache is not found of the collar and isnt' too crazy about the bell, either, which jingles as he moves.  The bell is attached to a metal ring around the collar, through which also rabies tag can be attached.  I received a free sample in exchange for a review
364 This is an impressive collection of 25 essays from  a myriad of magazines with sports characters as their theme.  Whether it's about a football player, a baseball player, a race car driver, a wrestler or a steel head trout angler, these articles profile a person, many of them flawed for some reason.  One reads the article and one either likes or dislikes the person profiled.  What's also impressive is that many of these articles were originally published not in sports magazines, but in feature magazines like Rolling Stone, Deadspin, The Atlantic, Outside, New York Times Magazine, GQ, New Yorker, all magazines with a much wider appeal.  The first article, "The Gangster in the Huddle" by Paul Solotaroff, gives a gritty profile of former football player Aaron Hernandez.  Another good article is "The One that Got Away" by Ian Frazier, about a troubled angler, or "Elegy of a Race Car Driver by Jeremy Markovich.  All these and the rest of the articles are strong journalism and should be enjoyable to more than just sports fans.
365 This is definitely a mixture of western meets military combat meets horse whisperer.  I am not familiar with horses, so I was more drawn to the military aspect of this story.  A big part of this story centers around the commander, Captain Wynne, who reveals himself to be too much of a zealot for this mission.  This adds tension and a fast pace to this quick read.  I remember reading stories of Special Forces in Afghanistan using horses to get around, especially early in the war when the SF needed village elders to support them.  But what bothers me a tad is that had this been a real story, Wynne would have been relieved of his command for some of the actions he had done.  I can't say much else here or else I'd spoil the story line...  The military jargon and tactics are right on, making this quite a believable story.  The dialogue sets a lot of the scenes.
366 This backpack carries quite a bit!  It's the perfect size for a day at the beach or a day at the gym.  While the back frame isn't very strong, this was meant to be a shoulder-carried pack rather than a pack used for all day hauling.  I have the yellow version which sticks out nicely if taken to the beach or anywhere outside.  The mesh compartment on the bottom helps damp material dry out better. There are also several compartments for smaller things.
367 I bought this initially for its brightness.  At 300 lumen it could light up an entire room in a power outage.  But what impressed me also was its smallness; it's easily carried in one hand or hung up from above. Even with batteries this is not a heavy light to carry.  This is ideal for the little people in our families. My husband immediately bought a second one for his late-night activities.  It has a bright and a not-as-bright setting, both which can be changed with an easy push of the rubber-coated buttom.  The rubberized bottom make this light stand still on a wobbly table.  This light requires four D-cell batteries which are not included.  Allign the two red arrows together and placing the batteries is effortless.  If you don't do this, getting the battery cover to close properly may be cumbersome.
368 The Slingbox 500 works well with the right cable box and right connections.  Once I figured out what I needed this worked well on my tablet, although connections then often froze because of the streaming speed required and limitations of my tablet.  This is a nice device for those who can't get away from their favorite TV programs, although TV away from home is still distracting to the rest of life.  The device itself is basic, although its unique design makes it a tad difficult to stack up on a small counter near the TV.  I highly encourage users to thoroughly read the instruction manual before starting this!  For those using a cable box and who simply can't live without their cable programs, this is the perfect little gift.
369 Look, I don't want to stir a whole pot here, but this story should have been told by John Henry, the black friend.  Instead this is a book that notices suffering through whites' perspective.  I mean, it's great that they are friends and get along so well, but how well does Joe really understand his BEST FRIEND John Henry's world?  Because he only just realized how important it was to be equal -- he never noticed it before?  I am sorry, because I wanted more from this book.  Love the illustrations.  ** update **  I note that I am not the first commenter to point this out.  This is a great book, but I think it is told from the wrong perspective.  Ulyyf "connie" made a similar observation in her review before I wrote my own.
370 It's not quite sporting to mislead and manipulate kids like this.  (Cute illustrations, though.)  The world will not be buried under a massive huge pile of garbage.  We are nowhere near landfill capacity and to describe this problem as dire is simply wrong.  The world is not running out of resources.  The world has MORE oil reserves, commodities, forests, arable land and drinkable water in 2013 than it did 4 decades ago.  Because humans are good stewards.  Per the suggestions in this book, recycling old paper has environmental costs and does considerable damage.  Same for most plastics.  In most cases, it is better (environmentally) to bury these items in a landfill than it is to wastefully use resources recycling them.  Garbage is a fascinating topic.  For a very readable book about garbage, try "Rubbish"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rubbish-The-Archaeology-of-Garbage/dp/0816521433/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rubbish!: The Archaeology of Garbage</a>&nbsp;-- for grown-ups.  Most of what goes into childrens' books about recycling is precisely very awful wrongness.  Rubbish, in fact.  For kids, try this fun deck of Garbage facts:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Talking-Trash-Everything-You-Need-to-Know-About-Garbage-from-Rot-to-Recycling-Knowledge-Cards-Deck/dp/0764946099/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Talking Trash: Everything You Need to Know About Garbage, from Rot to Recycling Knowledge Cards Deck</a>&nbsp;"Talking Trash"
371 We have rediscovered The Muppet Show and Fraggle Rock through the DVD releases, and my kids laugh and giggle as much as we used to when we were kids.  Your outside-the-box kid will enjoy this biography of the creative mind behind the Muppets.  3rd-5th grade interest, or younger for read-alouds.  The book shows Henson practicing and trying new things, despite public and parental disapproval.  It shows him relaxed and playful, and quietly thinking and sketching.  It also pictures him posed behind and under his Muppets, making the magic happen.  Sensational, detailed illustrations -- the people have a soft, out-of-focus look, while the Muppets seem real.
372 The fairy tale of Cinderella in this book is almost the same retelling as in Marcia Brown's awesome 1950's "Cinderella", but the different illustrations mean that BOTH of them are worth having.  James Marshall has a cartoony style of illustrating that really gets the job done.  He illustrated the "Miss Nelson is Missing" series of books, so his style is very familiar.  I think the funniest thing about the illustrations is the pets on every page -- they are usually communicating directly with the reader.  Look for the Fairy Godmother's feet on the last page!
373 We developed a taste for spicy Hungarian food when we were deployed overseas in the military.  You can't always find good paprika in the local stores, so we order ours (sweet AND hot) from amazon.  Great price, fast delivery, never run out.
374 This book doesn't do much.  It's an illustrated poem, and the illustrations are good, but the poem is... unimportant?  It tells about being around some of the great black men who changed the world, but the perspective is that all this stuff was going on over the head of a little girl.  The illustrations save this book.  The notable men (all men) include socialists/communists (Paul Robeson, Kwame Nkrumah, W.E.B. DuBois), a boxer (Virgil Akins), and musicians of all sorts (Ray Baretto, "Sonny Til" Tighman, Dizzy Gillespie, Duke Ellington, the Clovers).
375 I had the privilege of being assigned Conquest's "Great Terror" in college in 1989.  We are much better informed today than we were in the 1960's, the date of the book's original publication, or even at its revision in 1990.  What this book offers is a more refined look at the census counts in the camps, an updated death toll (in the 15 millions), and an even fuller picture of Stalin's tactics and plan.  Stalin used forced labor as a permanent economic form; the Terror fed the machine and undergirded the planned Soviet economy.  This revised edition also makes good points about Western journalists' deliberate falsification of reports about Stalin's crimes.  Whether springing from a general good will toward collectivist goals or a cruder hope of manipulating public opinion, the reporting favorable to Stalin coming out in the West had the effect of abandoning hundreds of millions to the brutal crimes of communism.  It led to generations of Cold War academics reveling in their delusions and denial of the realities of Soviet imprisonment and torture, a practice which continues today among academics and the professional left.  Pretending doesn't make the Terror go away.  There was a 10% survival rate in the camps.  Stalin recognized NO LIMITATIONS on his quest for power.  He set quotas for each district to find victims for forced labor; he destroyed the economy of half a continent; the tallest nails got hammered down.  The Terror was ordered by Stalin, personally.  It swept through the general population, sparing no one.  The world owes Robert Conquest great honor; he has done history a good service in writing and revising this book.  personal follow up: research the Harbintsy -- that section was news to me.
376 This is another "Unsolved Mystery from History" -- we really enjoyed "Mary Celeste" in this series, so I picked this one up, as well.  If anything, this is possibly more interesting because a) I had never heard the story, and b) so many conflicting written accounts exist.  The main text of the book is written throughout the book in an odd, left-justified, somewhat choppy (but still informative)style.  Then there are notebook giving additional scientific information or facts, and small captions with definitions of new vocabulary words.  (The vocabulary includes words like emaciated and neglected.)  The illustrations are simply wonderful.  At the end, a summary of the clues and a series of questions helps your child decide which theory might be right.
377 This shoe looks and feels great.  My son has narrow feet and these shoes stay on him and feel good.
378 Keep this one on your bookshelf, O Best Beloved.  It is the entire original story of "How the Leopard" in all its Rudyard Kipling language.  It just melts in your mouth as you read it.  The Ethiopian likes to use long words, because he is a Grown Up.  The illustrations are interesting and full of movement and dappled shade.  This book is a keeper.  Excellent, original illustrations by Lori Lohstoeter.
379 This book is great for book reports in kindergarten or first grade.  It tells the story of a pioneer family making their way to free land in Kansas.  They struggle together through the death of the mother and the first winter.  Then the father leaves the three sons, ages 11, 8, and 3 -- he goes to look for new land.  He instructs the boys to look after one another.  Four months later, he sends them a letter and a map and asks them to come to him -- 150 miles away.  It's a great story of family love, courage, pioneering, and self-confidence for boys (or girls).  We chose the book because our first grader was born in Kansas, so we have a connection to the setting of the book.  It was a good plot, plenty of action for illustrations.  For families who are careful about language, there is one usage of the exclamation "Lord" and some non-standard English in keeping with the plot.
380 This book alternates historical characters with amusing anachronisms and modern-day kids time-traveling.  Plus a talking horse, and fart jokes.  Readers are introduced to Benjamin Franklin, Samuel Adams, Patrick Henry, Paul Revere, King George III and George Washington, plus the issues of the day.  The fun of the book makes the learning "stick."  Be unashamed of your love for country and for human liberty.  I'd say 5th grade to adult is the right age group for this book for independent reading, but read-aloud families can all share the fun at any age.
381 I have known since college that I wanted to be a stay-at-home mom.  In the early years of our marriage, before kids, my husband and I lived on his (very meager) military pay, and invested all of my income against the time when the babies would come and I would stay home.  We lived on just his income for 8 years, until God sent the first baby.  And so, living on one income was already our habit.  I don't think this book emphasizes enough the financial stress being a stay-at-home mom can produce in a marriage.  But I also think it downplays the richness of stay-home life and building a home for your family.  Some people think it must be a sacrifice to stay home, drive an older car, and live a quieter life.  I would reply that I hate to think of the sacrifices I would have to make in order to go back to work.  I had a great job with a really good income, and I would not trade one dime of my paycheck for the chance to put this book into action with my own little ones.  I don't think this book emphasizes strongly enough the BLESSINGS that come from the stay-home job.  This book does have a BUNCH of great tips for stay-home moms.  It's maybe a little light on the encouragement, like I alluded to.  I would pair this with "Becoming a Woman After God's Own Heart" by Elizabeth George.  I re-read "Celebrate Home" after reading Elizabeth George, and I got a LOT more out of the book.  Blessings to you!
382 This beautiful and well-illustrated volume belongs on your bookshelf.  Heavy paper and beautiful typesetting make this a book worth owning.  The stories include: The Imp of the Perverse The Tell-Tale Heart A Descent into the Maelstrom The Cask of Amontillado The Premature Burial Hop-Frog The Pit and the Pendulum The Masque of the Red Death The Fall of the House of Usher Ms. Found in a Bottle The Murders in the Rue Morgue The Purloined Letter The Gold Bug Berenice
383 This book is a complete hoot.  My kids are older, and they get such a kick out of Scaredy Squirrel's preparations for his trip to the beach.  Truth be told, I think my kids are a tiny bit frightened of crabs, just like Scaredy.  Your family will enjoy this book!
384 This book of gossip and scandal is unsatisfying and not worth your money.  Printed on lousy newsprint-quality paper, there is nothing uplifting or high quality about this book.  Skip it.
385 This beautiful book srves as a reminder in words and pictures of how special your little one is... how special, how wonderful, how marvelously made.  Luminous illustrations take you to far-away places.  Beautiful book.
386 This is a picture story book of the chapter in Charlotte's Web when Wilbur escapes from his pen.  It gas the entire text of the chapter, but it is gloriously illustrated in color and every animal is adorable.  We love this chapter because of the way the goose talks, and all the advice Wilbur receives.  I think the illustrations do an excellent job showing Lurvy and the Zuckermans as fond and friendly people.  This book is a delight.
387 A bit hokey on the whole "Mother Nature" stuff (may as well go whole-hog and call her Gaia, eh?), but science has interesting things to teach us about solving problems in new (old) and natural ways.  This is an exciting book, with lots of well-written information and clever illustrations.  Could this book give your young scientists great ideas for science fair projects?  Yes, indeed.  Great vocabulary in this book, including: amino acids, antibiotics, autism, bactreia, biomimicry, camouflage, decompose...
388 OK -- this book got the job done as a math reader.  The concept of area was VERY CLEARLY described, shown, and taught.  If your child has a glimmer of understanding in mulitplication, then they will "get" the concepts in this book.  The text AND the illustrations work together and get the job done.  Great teaching tool.  I'm giving only four stars instead of five because of the flat-out obnoxious sibling rivalry on parade in this story.  Usually I think Stuart J. Murphy's books do a great, GREAT job modeling nice behavior for children, but this book didn't measure up (a pun!)
389 Diane Ravitch is sad about what is happening in American education.  You know, the calls for reform, the emphasis on test-taking and teacher evaluation, the loss of prestige and general good will that teachers used to enjoy, the charter schools and school choice.  Parents are sad about what is NOT happening in American education.  You know, teaching students math, history, science, reading, logic, civics, and economics.  There is a huge mismatch.  Teachers and "education leaders" (like Ravitch) want prestige and security.  Parents, students, and employers want educated 18-year-olds.  Transformational change is about to leap-frog over the control freak tendencies of education leaders and reformers.  Top-down universal standardized education is fading fast.  Student-driven, customized education is replacing it as school choice and homeschooling take America's most capable students and most involved parents out of traditional schools.  The game is changing.  Ravitch and her cronies are trying to figure out how to lock students into their seats in public school classrooms, while American students, parents, and employers are experimenting for success.  It's a brand new game.  Ravitch expects parents, students, and employers to wait around until education reformers get it all figured out.  Yeah, right.
390 We've been re-reading a lot of our old favorite fairy tales, and working in some folk tales and myths, too.  Rip Van Winkle is a great old story set in New York colony, and it carries the reader through to post-revolutionary America.  Fun message about over-imbibing, and a great running theme about choosing your spouse wisely.  The illustrations deserve a mention: Great use of light and shadows in these illustrations, especially in the woods.  Great woodland details.  GREAT tree roots.
391 This book, with its colorful wood-block illustrations and its happy-go-lucky hero -- gets read and re-read at our house.  We all love it.
392 A lot of these boy/dog stories have sad endings, but not Lassie Come Home.  Set in Scotland and Yorkshire, Lassie is owned by the family of a coal miner.  When he loses his job, they can not afford to feed Lassie and had to sell her to a nobleman.  But Lassie escapes, again and again, and returns to Joe, the boy she adores.  In the end, after an epic journey of one thousand miles, the nobleman hires Joe's father to be the kennel keeper on the estate, and Joe and his parents and Lassie are reunited and happy.  Feel-good fiction.  No Hollywood.  This version (Rosemary Wells) is abridged -- young readers will enjoy it.
393 Darling wooden ornament, about 3" high.  Sail is wood, lines are added with (perhaps) Sharpie.  Very cute ornament for kids who have studied Vikings all quarter.
394 I bought extra spigots for my emergency water storage
395 Progressives against Progress.  It begins with superiority... smugness. It becomes contempt... disdain.  Progressives proceed from demanding to be obeyed to a full repudiation of the public.  This is how the political left has become engaged in an active struggle against morality.  Fred Siegel demonstrates the effects of Radical Chic: embracing crime, embracing the vulgar, embracing violence, embracing chaos : when angering whites equals cultural authenticity.  This part of the book was very well done.  Democrats have become the party of The State.  Violent minority democrat voters are the enforcers of compliance.  Progressives rule by fear and decree, not by law.  Worming deep within public bureaucracies, leftists are an entrenched self-interest group, pitted against the people.  The only real enemy they have is regular Americans.  This section of the book is worth a read, as a standalone - good for high school students and soon-to-be-voters. (pp 163 - 176, and continuing on to p. ~190)  Siegel continually cycles back to the roots, H.G. Wells and Mencken.  He even ties in the Obama era: President Obama's War on Jobs, the policy and electoral failures, the moral preening.  This book is a very very slow read.  Next up: "A Conservative Hostory of the American Left" by Daniel J. Flynn
396 A great book about hospitality and o overcoming objections.  Super cute illustrations.  More books like this, please.
397 Great two-page illustrations bring your eyes right into the pages.  Ira Hayes was a Pima Indian who helped raise the flag on Iwo Jima and who was in the famous photograph.  Unfortunate addiction to alcohol, which started innocently enough, but which killed him young.  For more information, try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Raising-the-Flag-How-a-Photograph-Gave-a-Nation-Hope-in-Wartime-Captured-History/dp/0756544491/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Raising the Flag: How a Photograph Gave a Nation Hope in Wartime (Captured History)</a>&nbsp;by Michael Burgan
398 The illustrations in this book are amazing full-color woodcuts.  There are plenty of full-page illustrations and 2-page spreads for added excitement.  The illustrations are incredible.  5 stars for the illustrations.  This book offers the full text of Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island, a book that needs to be abridged.  It's a great story, but not a great book. There is little benefit to owning the ENTIRE story, except as a vehicle for these illustrations.  My son is a wanna-be illustrator, and these woodcuts are inspirational.  You could almost put together a fantastic wordless picture book based on these woodcuts.  I'm raising a family of boys, so this is based on personal experience: I can't recommend a family buy this, since the Robert Louis Stevenson's book is so... overboard. $20 is too much money to spend on a book no child wants to read.  But as a work of art, I highly recommend the book.  If this is your favorite story from childhood, then by all means, indulge.  But if you think this would be a lovely present for your favorite niece or grandson, they probably won't read it.
399 If you want a cheap looking purse, You could spend less!  The leather is real leather, and the lining is nice, but the metallic details are cheap and flimsy, gold-tone and puny.  The metallic materials are *very* cheaply made and look like the finish will start flaking off on day one.  Not a good purchase.
400 This is the book for your younger children, or for your entire family, to get a better appreciation for the Jamestown Colony.  We may plan a visit to the Jamestown site next summer, and this book gives us one more reason.  I'm a mom raising a family of boys, and I look for books that capture the interest of a wide spread of ages.  This book is good for ages "6 to dead," as my kids say.  The high-quality illustrations really get the job done.  They convey information and mood that round out the story and elaborate on the troubles, without being TOO scary.  Pictured are an Indian attack on the settlers in 1607, a nighttime burial, Pocahontas interrupting the execution of Captain Smith, the starving people in tatters.  The book gives voice to the different perspectives at the colony.  It's a good teaching tool.  Very well done.
401 Who wouldn't want to do this?  A great novel about an independent boy living on his own off the land.  It is hard to find good literature for boys.  I grew up with "Anne of Green Gables" and the Noel Streatfield books - but those aren't going to appeal to boys.  This book would make an excellent gift for any boy.  Read it out loud to your family.
402 Read this book with them when they are young; it gives you such a great reference point for encouraging your child when they get older -- how to turn a weakness into a strength, how to turn an adversary into an ally, how to outmanuever an opponent.  Great story.
403 Younger grades or reluctant report-writers will find this biography extremely useful.  Mike Venezia has a signature style -- he tells the facts through photographs of the artist's own work, a plain and clear text, and vivid cartoons that emphasize and reinforce the main points of the biography.  This is very well done, even if a little corny.  You may need to explain to a literal-minded child that these are jokes, not facts -- to our knowledge, Klee did not paint with his violin bow -- but the image reinforces how Klee had to choose between two passions (music and art.)  32 pages, LOTS of photographs.
404 Husband likes.
405 10" candles with a 3/4" base. Exactly as described, arrived on time and intact. Individually wrapped. Somewhat slow-burning. Somewhat drippy.  I use them in my advent wreath.
406 not great.  It almost seems to drain power from my phone's battery, instead of providing power.  I don't like using it because I don't trust it.
407 Good grief!  Page 22 of this book validates birtherism (questioning President Obama's birthplace and qualification to be President of the United States).  I wasn't expecting that.  Lucia Raatma explores born citizens, naturalized citizens, and dual citizenship.  The book uses up to date photographs of President Obama's inauguration and Madeleine Albright as illegible to run for president.  The book gets it right on RIGHTS -- rights are not granted by government.  Going by the photographs in the book, citizens have these privileges: protesting, voting, praying as Muslims, shopping for flowers... and these duties: voting, paying taxes, obeying laws, jury duty, don't litter, serve in the military, protest, and volunteer.  The text is better -- the photographs are a little dopey.  Good glossary: amendments, assassinated, discrimination, immigrate...
408 Look carefully.  These alphabet letters are made from everyday objects.  The illustrations look like photographs... but they are paintings.  Extraordinary.  No words at all, just a wonderful alphabet for you and your children to explore.  (There are secondary alphabet words on the pages... A has arrows, B has broken windows, C has crescents on the cathedral... I don't know how deliberate that is, but it does make the book fun and interesting for older children, too.
409 Our family (all boys) is studying "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and planning to attend a live performance. This also means we will most likely be staging our own performances / puppet theater / farce productions. We like to get carried away.  We have many, many versions of Shakespeare for kids, including "Brick Shakespeare, the Comedies" and Marcia Williams' adorable book, Adam McKeown's beautiful retelling, and Lois Burdett's Shakespeare can be Fun  Once the kids are familiar with/have memorized much of the dialog, this is the perfect book for playing around.  We got caught up in Brendan Kelso's hilarity when we studied Shakespeare's Julius Caesar.  His plays are a great way to drag in other friends/cousins for a very entertaining day.  Great for family reunions!  The three versions of the play are essentially the same, you just perform the one you have enough players for.  Each takes about 10 minutes (or longer, depending on death scenes and pursuits)  The death scenes are the best!
410 My son kept the library copy for so long, he ran out of renewals. I bought him the book. It's a good one.
411 I like this.  It is much *greener* than pictured.  I was expecting bronze, but I like the green in my garden
412 I always expect the best from dk books.  They rarely disappoint me.  Ancient Civilizations features:  1) how civilization develops and adds complexity 2) archeologists' jobs 3) Sumerian, Egypt, Indus River, Ganges, Celts, Minoans/Mycenaens, Nubia, Chavin, Olmec, Zapotec, and China.  They don't start looking at Chinese civilization until the beginning of the Qin dynasty, which does China a disservice. 4) writing makes a civilization 5) Phoenicians, Mayans, Assyrians, Babylonians, Persians, the Silk Road, and Greece 6) money 7) Rome 8) entertainment 9) Mauryan India, Gupta India, Moche, Nazca 10) cities 11) famous rulers 12) reference  This is a good bok to have on your shelf.  Excellent for showing development of world civilizations.  Fantastic pictures.  Homeschoolers should own this one.
413 This is by the author of "Sylvester and the Magic Pebble" and "Shrek."  Abel, an upper-class newlywed mouse, attempts an act of gallantry for his wife and is swept away by floodwaters, then stranded on a mid-stream island for a year.  This book covers his attempts to escape, and also his creative ways of surviving.  A good adventure, and also good for instilling that calm and steady courage in the face of utter disaster.  We like it because Abel perseveres in the face of despair.  His love sustains him.
414 This book is appropriate even for very young children.  It will make a great impression especially for the children of warfighters; this book will make them very proud of mom and dad.  All children can look up to and admire our U.S. fighting forces.  Good photographs in this book, and LARGE ones to hold children's attention.  Well done.
415 Child saved up his birthday money and bought this for himself for fortybucksandthirtyninecents at a national retailer whose name starts with tar.  This was 1st week of November, 2012.  Shop around.  The raft REALLY FLOATS.  That is all kinds of cool.  It took him part of a Sunday to build it; the children report that it's a "very easy set."  The boat has taken several baths already.  Comes with 3 minifigs, the truck, and the raft.  The back of the truck houses a command center.  It lifts open and presto! you're in.  The seat inside swivels.  There are cargo compartments and a crate of supplies.  The cab holds two minifigs.  Solid wheels.  This holds up well.
416 Finally!  This book is the companion to the exhibit of Kay WalkingStick's art at the National Museum of the American Indian, and it is excellent.  Part biography, part history, part catalog(ue), the whole thing is excellent.  Hundreds of huge color photographs of her work, emphasizing her signature diptychs.  Wonderful to dive into the work of a Western Woman Artist Who Does Not Happen To Be Named Georgia O'Keefe.  Living in New Mexico, I know that western artists have so much to offer.  I'm developing an art unit based on components of this book, to include sculpture, thickly layered color and wax, self-humor, landscapes, the human form, and historical longing.
417 This is a book patterned on "the house that Jack built", so the text is limited.  The illustrations are gorgeous.  One note for future editions:  Animals should not be referred to as "who"... People are "who."
418 We have been reading and studying about westward expansion and frontier living all summer; this book is valuable in the context of connecting the continent.  The book captures the history of the overland mail, as well as many of the legends and lore surrounding the Pony Express, too.  My second grader is ga-ga over this book; the illustrations are terrific.  If you enjoyed the early reader "Buffalo Bill and the Pony Express," then this is a natural follow-on for more advanced readers.  Great for historical context and in-depth maps, diagrams, and drawings.  This is a wonderful learning tool.  Having read "Orphans Preferred" I can happily say that this is a much better book on the topic, even though it is geared toward a young readership.
419 Add ladies' fashion crusaders to the List of Things that Aren't Worth Reading About.  Honestly.  Cheryl Harness is a great author and usually chooses interesting and worthwhile subjects.  (Like the Pony Express:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/They-re-Off-The-Story-of-the-Pony-Express/dp/0689851219/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">They're Off! : The Story of the Pony Express</a>&nbsp;and Washington Irving&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Literary-Adventures-of-Washington-Irving-American-Storyteller-Cheryl-Harness-Histories/dp/B005MZCYHA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Literary Adventures of Washington Irving: American Storyteller (Cheryl Harness Histories)</a>)  On the strength of her name, I picked up this book.  What a disappointment.  Great illustrations add another star to the rating.
420 The format of this book is very hard to follow, and the lettering makes it difficult for kids to read independently.  If you are raising a delayed reader, this is not the best choice of biographies.  If the child can tolerate you reading it alongside him or her, it might work out.  The book, the perseverance, and the follow-your-dreams message is great.  But oh, the busy pages.
421 3" binder
422 Nick Schulz brings up the uncomfortable topic of family disintegration and shows the correlation to intergenerational poverty and perverse government policy.  He summarizes data and presents tables and graphs to illustrate his main points: In 5 decades, marriage has dramatically declined.  At the same time, the poverty statistics for children raised in single-parent household have not become less grim.  The book details in depth the ways that solid families have positive beneficial impacts on the lives of the poor.  Families teach the basics of character: empathy and self-control.  No government policy will be able to reverse this trend.  An apocalyptic culture change has occurred; the best way to address it is not through government intervention.  Schulz cites the changing of social norms surrounding cigarette smoking with a sign of how activists can address the issue.
423 What a fun book.  Focuses on political processes and the weather after SHTF
424 This is an early reader that sneaks in some graphing to introduce the math concept -- you see different types of graphs and how data is organized.  The story is cute -- a kid goes to a family reunion and expects to be bored, but ends up making graphs about all the relatives.  It does exactly what it says it's going to do.  Readable and enjoyable.
425 These sterilizer bins (many sizes) give a clean, organized look to your closets and pantry. Super durable, nice circle pattern.  They do not stack, but they nest when they are empty.
426 Oh, my goodness.  This is a bittersweet day for me -- I am sifting through the bookcase and sorting out the wheat from the chaff.  I've come across so many old favorites.  Now that the baby (the "baby") can read chapter books to himself, he doesn't want as many of these old favorites read to him anymore.  I'm still saving them, and it's time to write reviews on why we loved the ones we did.  This book is so funny.  I think of it more as a storyteller's guide.  From the title page, where mouse gets a brand-new present and rabbit is overjoyed, and all through the two friends' problem-solving adventures, rabbit and mouse are firm friends.  When they fly the toy airplane, Eric Rohmann gives you a big dotted line.  This is where the sound effects come in.  I have the kids make airplane noises and move their fingers over the line, and we squeak out a mouse voice and a cheerful rabbit voice.  As Rabbit goes bounding off to put his plan into place, we turn the pages and act out rabbit pushing or pulling or hopping along with great giant animals, and it is a laugh riot.  As all the animals are about to fall, we quack all over the place like the little ducklings.  And at the end, we get to make the flying noises with the big dotted line again.  I'll keep this book forever.  This is a great one.
427 I use Wall Control boards around my garage. These U-shaped hooks are essential. I ordered four extra.
428 The wolf in this Red Riding Hood is hilarious -- great manners, very persuasive.  Red Riding Hood gets tricked into telling the wolf all about her plans, which he turns to his own advantage.  "I'm so wicked, SO wicked," he says.  I love the illustrations of the feet in the bed as seen through the bedroom window -- first Granny's feet, and then the wolf's.  Really funny last illustration.  This is a keeper.
429 What an amazing life.  I was expecting another "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich" or "Gulag Archipelago."  But this story is different -- there is very little bitterness, very little savoring-of-the-details.  Instead, it is cleanly told.  It is a simple book, not much complexity, just human nature laid bare.  Amazing.  Human endurance amazes me.
430 This book is like a tour of a natural history museum, combined with some concentrated geography lessons, wrapped up in the story of a ther first ten years of a turtle's life.  You'll explore all along the Mississippi River and see ancient cultures and modern cities, river creatures and their habits and habitats, learn about the levees and locks... this book can't be rushed.  Don't forget the amazing illustrations -- great teaching tools on every page.  One of my sons, "Mr. Reality," likes this book a lot.
431 Limbaugh's good cheer and optimism come through in his book, but the book itself is plagued with odd pacing (for example, slowing way down to talk about Rush's grandfather and father) and too heavily-loaded with descriptions of life in Cape Girardeau, MO.  It would have been better for the book to focus on Limbaugh himself talking about Limbaugh.  Rush's personal life is not that interesting; his accomplishments are the reason I picked up the book.  This book pays attention to Rush as a political activist: the radio show, the humor he uses, the transformation of talk radio into a powerful political force, the ways Rush undermines and infuriates the traditional media, and the message of conservatism.  That was good.  Hang onto this book, because sooner or later President Obama's unpopularity will be sanitized and papered over (if I said his unpopularity would be "whitewashed," would people call me a racist?  Ha!).  It will disappear down the memory hole.  Books like this will help us remember.
432 This book has that something unexpected that I love in picture books.  The little girl goes looking for adventure, finds it, and and tackles it cheerfully.  Misunderstandings and all.  This book is really Something.
433 Well, with a presidential election fast approaching, NOW is the time for this book.  See the assumptions underlying politicians' promises, and think through the potential consequences for yourself.  Thomas Sowell does a remarkable job at making economics clear, logical, and reasonable for lay-people.  He writes better than most journalists, and he makes you smarter.
434 This is a good kick board.  It is a smaller size than my other two TYR kickboards, but it's good.  It is about the length of my forearm.
435 I thought I was ordering sort of a Jackie Kennedy pinkish beige purse. That's what the photo shows.  This is basically ivory, not really what I needed. Cute purse, nice size.
436 This is a good facts book.  The facts are ORGANISED by categories. These are different facts from the national geographic "weird but true" fact books.
437 Wow!  What a book!  Almost like watching a film, almost like reading a comic book, this novel unspools across the pages and fires up the imagination.  It was interesting for me, and I'm an adult.  The main character, Hugo, is 9 years old, and this book is just right for 3rd-4th-5th graders and up.  Lots of foreshadowing, lots of character development, lots of the history of cinema, and lots of chase scenes.  Excellent, excellent illustrations.  This won a well-deserved Caldecott award.
438 This book is a fun one for my family of boys.  There's actual learning inside: some history, some biography, some engineering.  But it's all wrapped up in a package of underwear jokes and funny illustrations -- the knowledge just sneaks into their brains.  Glad I found this.
439 This is a very good map -actually four maps, with historical and cultural information across the Silk Road. Excellent.
440 Medium is the right size for hair dryer, curling iron, blender, coffee pot, or mixer. I love these clamps - keep your work space tidy. Instant on/off.
441 This is easy to use, less drippy than WD-40, and gets the job done.
442 My 5-year-old loves this story.  It really teaches fractions -- exactly what it sets out to do.  This book is great.
443 Nothing finished. Everything burred. Smoky, hazy, sfumato engulfs this book and makes it not worth reading.  I attended the Leonardo the Genius exhibit and thought this book would be a good follow up.  But it wasnt.  This book depicts a scatterbrained, fuzzy Leonardo, someone who really couldn't accomplish much.  He liked curly hair. He liked geologic layers. He liked human anatomy. He liked optics, perspective, and the qualities of light and water. He wanted an insouciant, undemanding patron and finally found one in Francis I of France.  And thats it.  Not worth the readers time.
444 This story is an abridgement of the original, and while it does not include every character and every circumstance, there is enough here to convey the story to your family.  The illustrations are breathtaking.
445 The glory days of picture books, when American kids were treated to "The Little Engine that Could" and "Harry the Dirty Dog," featured good humor and general well-being, despite the hard work going on.  This book fits right in - it shows Mary Anne the steam shovel building the great canals, cutting grades through the mountains so train tracks could be laid, lowering hills and straightening curves so highways could be built, smoothing the ground in preparation for airports and landing strips, and digging the foundations for skyscrapers.  The march of civilization - now people sneer with contempt at building America, but this picture book reminds young readers that these were great, heroic jobs that were done brilliantly by normal people a few generations ago.  When Diesel and gasoline-powered shovels were invented, the steam shovels were cast aside, and Mike and his shovel had to travel far to find work.  The rest of the story shows a town cheering Mike and Mary Anne (the shovel) on while they try to do the work of one hundred men in a single day.  Great story book.
446 My kids LOVE this book.  The illustrations are superb.  A vampire and his ogre assistant are the demonstrators -- it's a crack up.  Even the font is creepy.  Along the way, the book does a very good job showing the properties of blood.  This is a keeper.
447 Steve Jenkins has paid attention to the tiniest details in creating these cut-paper collage illustrations.  Telling the story of every climber, showing their gear, describing the geologic and atmospheric forces at work on the Himalayas, illustrating the camps and the trail blazers -- this book is accessible, interesting, and a hit with the whole family.  Adults, too!
448 ok book, from a parent's perspective. It does keep the reader's attention and it's entertaining.  The storytelling is not the best, I didn't  like the dark visuals, and the flow across the pages is not always clear. As a parent (who enjoys graphic novels), i give it three stars.  But my teen son Loves it. Five stars from him.
449 This shirt fits great, but it is not as pretty as shown in the picture.  Still a good shirt.
450 My first grader likes the tornado stories and illustrations in the book.  There are also some hurricane stories.  He thinks the most amazing part is when a train passes through a tornado, and the roof of the cab and the roof of all the passenger coaches were ripped off, but no one was hurt.  And one time, a farmer saw money coming from the sky -- a tornado had picked it up from a town 100 miles away.  The worst part of the book is when animals and people died and floated around on the streets after a hurricane in Galveston, TX.  The book tells about weather forecasters, scientists, and storm chasers, too.
451 We all enjoy this story of hypnosis and trickery, especially the youngest in my family.  The art in this book is exceptional -- Chris Van Allsburg did "The Polar Express," of course, but he also did "Two Bad Ants."  His work is profoundly good.
452 This book is very well done, and is based on extensive research (check out the notes section).  If your child is interested in American history, or if you are doing a home school unit on colonial America, this book is perfect.  Quite frankly, as a parent, I found the information interesting, well-formatted, and better than most other presentations of the Roanoke mystery I can remember.  Very good maps.  A voyage-by-voyage explanation of the colony and its purposes, some of the controversies, the reasons why resupply ships failed to materialize, and the final mystery.  Some good ideas about where the vanished colonists went are presented.  Some of the scams are presented, as well.  It's 2011.  I can't help but think a little genetic testing would clear up some of this.  Very good notes section.  Bibliography.  Excellent index.  One of the best parts of this book: portraits accompany the text.  Jean Fritz wrote "And then what happened, Paul Revere?"; Hudson Talbott illustrated our King Arthur books.  Great team for this book.
453 Everyone should be familiar with this work, because it is constantly referenced in the culture and because it is best to be on guard against known enemies.  Communism immiserates its populations, every time.  Islam and communism are the two most destructive forces of the past century.  We all must be aware of what is happening around us.
454 This piece is hard enough to be challenging for more advanced beginners, and so much fun when they master it and make music they are familiar with!  Learn each page with hands separate, then put it all together.
455 Children are so full of dread at the thought of the bus ride, the school day, having no control.  It's so sad, what we American have come to accept as "typical" childhood.
456 This was an entertaining movie.  Alan Rickman was brilliant, as always.  The funniest part was when the handsome minority supporting actor lectures the actor playing the father of the GEICO cave man about dirt.  Hilarity!  Instant flashback to Free Willy.  Good ending.  I like the ex-pats in France.
457 This book is geared to the level where my sixth grader can easily manage it independently.  That's good, since it's a biography and a good retelling of the spirit of American entrepreneurship.  But I'm glad I read it before I gave it to the child, because the author inserts questionable editorializing throughout.  The writing is juvenile.  How many times does the reader need to be subjected to "Back in Birdeye's time..."? (P. 4, 7, 23, 26, 31, 45, then I stopped counting)  However, I do give the author credit for making an attempt to inspire kids' inventiveness.  The book highlights the American system of inventiveness: invention --> practical use --> business --> money. It repeatedly shows Birdseye applying scientific observations to economic opportunities. Well done.   But the "spotted fever is like AIDS" analogy was inept, and the bizarre editorializing (pages 122, 124, 135, 137, 143, and 145) was hamhanded and distracting.  Further reading: George Alfred Henty's adventure stories, particularly "Redskin and the Cowboy", Miriam Birdseye's nutrition recommendations, and Robert Boyle, a so-called poster child for homeschooling.
458 Nostalgia -- this is the one we had when we were little.  The book is about 4" square and printed in black-white-red.  I love this story -- I keep it with the October books and we enjoy it amid the spooky stories.
459 My middle-grades son was quoting from this book for quite a while.  This book is memorable and easy to digest.  It's a graphic history, which means comic-book format.  CHeck with your child's teacher BEFORE the book report come due, to make sure this counts as "reading."
460 Persistence pays off.  John Harrison's insttruments for measuring time at sea, and therefore longitude, were revolutionary and went unrecognized for decades.  Finally recognized by the King and Parliament for his accomplishments, he never did receive the Longitude Prize he deserved.  But he changed the world.  Junior high schoolers to adults will be fascinated by the book -- not all picture books are for young children.  But even young children will enjoy having the story read to them.  Terrific book; wonderful illustrations.
461 I'm a read-aloud mom with a family of boys.  We span a wide variety of interests in our family, and the ages range all the way down to kindergarten.  This is a great book to read out loud, where the dialog can be spoken and the story can unfold.  Really good for bringing out the courage and self-discipline of boys.  This is very short, though -- hardly a week's worth of nightly reading, and they want more when it's over.  This is a 1949 Newbery award-winner.  Still a great read.  Parent notes: Main theme of overcoming adversity and finding strength in your weakness.  Reliance on prayer.  The good King Edward in this book is the very same Edward Longshanks who was the villain of the "Braveheart" movie.  I thought that was interesting.
462 After the excruciatingly detailed build-up on how the Portuguese, Dutch, and British competed for the spice trade in the 17th century, the role of Nathaniel Courthope, while decidedly and heroically British, seems trivial.  Lots of foreshadowing about the grisly torture and merciless slaughter that unfolds after a couple of hundred pages... plenty of details of shipping routes.  Not a horrible book, but also not worth the time it took to read it.
463 It's so unusual to find a book that pokes fun at the left and is FUNNY.  The little girl's parents named her... Diversity!  And the cartoons are peppered with ennui and slogans.  My favorite:  "If you can't live up to high standards, maybe there SHOULDN'T BE ANY."  Nice size book -- hope there are more books to come.
464 Ok. We got this to hold the pieces for the 500 set. We've had the set for five years or so and the cardboard box is pretty bedraggled.  This hard side case is great. It has slots for every piece, it holds everything securely, it locks closed, and it fits under the bed.  We have many snap circuits sets. I was hoping they could all live in here, but there's only room for the 500 set.  Still, it's awesome.
465 We are old friends of Cynthia Rylant's work -- her "Henry and Mudge" early readers left us in stitches, and we all love "Poppleton."  "Scarecrow," while beautiful, is not much of a story.  Just watching the seasons change.  There's a place for watching the seasons change, but it seems a shame to use illustrations as high-quality as these to illustrate... not much action.  It's a peaceful story, but it seems like a missed opportunity.
466 This book is padded on the back so it won't scratch your door. My front door is 96 tall. This works well. Easy to adjust.
467 The best thing about the Magic Tree House books is that they are informative.  At one time, we went all-in on MTH and had about 30 of them.  And my oldest read them -- don't get me wrong.  But the books aren't funny or engaging or even classic stories.  And the narration is just blah.  Lots of telling, not much story.  These books have been marketed like crazy, and they ARE informative, but they're not fun to read.  There is nothing engaging about the characters, and nothing ever really happens in the series.  Sometimes Annie and Jack don't take more than 25 steps from the tree house (Pirates comes to mind).  They are just words on a page.  For early reader series (especially for boys), my kids prefer Roscoe Riley Rules and Geronimo Stilton -- both are very quick to reel your reader in.  Kids gobble them up for their clever humor and great characters.
468 First the book demonstrates regular plurals (-s or -es), thenit moves into irregular plurals and some preditcable types.  The illustrations are cute and the rhymes really work.  Great series from Brian Cleary.
469 This is an absolutely enjoyable storybook, and everyone in the family will like it.  It has everything from art to plot, and best of all, the expressions are just perfect for showing the emotions of all the creatures in the fishbowl.  We love the big size of the book and the close-up, zzomed-in illustrations.  Laugh along with your family -- read this together!
470 As the mom, I wouldn't have expected this book would be so wildly popular at my house.  I have boys, and the princessy parts of this book are so over-the-top princessy -- maybe that's why it appeals to boys, because they can mock it a bit?  Anyway, boys love it.  This fairy tale-within-a-fairy-tale-within-a-school-project sounds confusing, but the "manly" fairy tale pages have tough guy illustrations, and the "feminine" fairy tale pages have pink and purple princessy illustrations.  It's well done.  They laugh a lot reading this book.  And that's what really matters to me.  Boys are sort of consumed in a girly-world at school -- maybe this book gives them a chance to break away from that.  It's a hit.
471 Great word play and a funny story of excuse-making.  Baloney will have your kids laughing... and imagining what comes next!  Just a weird, zany book -- but fun!
472 We got a couple of these for Father's Day gifts for my Adorable Husband, who often grills after dark.  Bright lights -- better steaks.
473 What a book!  The high quality of the paper and the beautifully constructed images and collages, the imaginative play of the children and the glimpses of war and deprivation, the fold-out pages, the story itself of an oasis of peace amidst a nation in the grip of terror, the entire thing is a work of art.  Splendid book.
474 We both gave this as a gift and received it this year -- this is a great toy, and the price is right.  Hex bugs are a hit at our house -- they are interesting to watch, they don't make that much noise, they aren't dirty, there aren't small parts to lose (other than the bugs themselves) and they are durable -- they will run until the batteries run out.  Buy extra batteries.  This habitat is fun because it has external ports to connect with some of your other hex bug pieces, and it operates as a self-contained little environment for hex bugs.  Sturdy plastic withstands accidental bangs, misplaced footsteps, and the occasional ramming with other toys/bikes/scooters.
475 I'm not a muscle-bound person -- I can get through life very well not having to push around a lot of heavy objects.  But when you have to move a bunch of furniture to have the carpets cleaned, that is when these sliders come in handy.  Just a little tip of the furniture and tap the slider underneath.  Then push.  I won't say I could push the furniture with one hand, but I certainly did the whole job of moving the furniture all by myself.  The sliders are VERY large, and therefore easy to manipulate with the toe of your shoe.  That helps!
476 This is a good reference for any student doing a paper or project on the Judicial, Executive, and Legislative branches of our government.  Michael Burgan explains why and how our government has this system of checks and balances, going back to the Constitutional Convention of 1787 and exploring the question of Who is sovereign?  It includes up-to-date photographs, including the Roberts Court (Justice Kagan and Justice Sotomayor are there), Nancy Pelosi as Speaker of the House, and President Obama and Vice President Biden.  The book has interesting text boxes on the Electoral College and the concept of judicial activism/judicial restraint.  It also looks at judicial review as practiced by the Supreme Court.  The book includes great photography and covers some of the controversies/conflicts around each branch of the government.  Glossary includes words like: amendments, bills, budget, delegates, executive, federal...
477 The photographs in this book show Army Rangers in action, on the battlefield, waiting to parachute, in training.  Emphasizing the lengthy training required to join this elite force, this book is positive and inspiring.  Rangers are trained to surprise the enemy, which is something all kids can relate to wanting to do.  Glossary at the back: combat, dedicated, Taliban, territory...  This book is great at the young grades level.
478 These are dressy shorts, but they are a little short on the legs. Great fit at waist and seat.
479 Slow down and savor this book.  The words are delicious.  Read them out loud.  Lulling, soothing, slow.  Great storytelling.  The story is one of patient remembering and looking forward.  Bill Traylor finally, at age 85, put pencil to cardboard and started to draw those memories, sometimes playful, sometimes sad.  The art in this book is NOT Bill Traylor's art, but in a way, it captures the spirit of his art.  (There is one panel of Bill Traylor's own art at the very end of the book, on the Afterword page.)  A similar book is "I am Marc Chagall", where Bimba Landmann does not reproduce Chagall's work but captures the feeling of it.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-Am-Marc-Chagall-Eerdmans-Books-for-Young-Readers/dp/0802853056/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I Am Marc Chagall (Eerdmans Books for Young Readers)</a>  Great biographical book about an unusual American talent.  All the source information is at the front of the book, including quote sources.  Enjoy!
480 My seventh grader and fourth grader followed these steps to develop a secure writing basis.  Now their writing is clear and makes sense.  Took about 6 weeks of work to go through the book -we will probably review next year to build on our success.  Time to cycle the high schooler through this again.  He's not excited about the work, but he does want to communicate better on his blog Q&A's.  So with that goal, we can proceed.  another book we often use for reference is the Random House guide to good writing.
481 Severe economic problems, having been produced by government, can be redressed by a change in policy.  (p. 77) It only makes sense, but it is common sense policy that is lacking in this administration.  Finger-pointing and back-patting aside, this book is a good look at why the government should avoid "Do-Something"-ism.  Here are Taylor's recommendations: 1) Restrain the Federal Budget to 19.5% of GDP (its percentage in 2007) 2) Tax reform: a wider tax base with fewer loopholes and lower rates -- and don't spend the revenue! 3) Undo the recent spending spree -- a gradual return to 19.5% over 8 years (page 113) 4) Rebuke the Fed -- return to a policy of anti-intervention.  Limit the Fed to creating rules on the interest rate. 5) Remove regulatory drag.  Specifically, obamacare and Dodd-Frank are impossible legislation. 6) Entitlement reform -- make them predictable, following the rule of law, rather than arbitrary and uncontrolled.  This is my favorite type of policy book: clear, brief, smart, and understated.
482 I don't have that much interest in Star Wars.  In fact, I don't think I ever saw this movie when it was released during my childhood.  (I think I remember watching one or two of these when I was babysitting...)  Anyway, decades pass, and I have a son who is in raptures over Star Wars.  OK.  I thought it would be a passing phase, but he's still going strong, so I use Star Wars to encourage reading (and saving money -- he wants the LEGO sets.)  The junior novelizations are great because the movie screenplay unwinds on the page.  Awesome.  He liked this one very well and has re-read it a half-dozen times.  I notice him using more complicated verbs as a result of the books -- that's great.  The books aren't literature, but he did his summer reading list books in June.  July was for his own choices.  He read for HOURS.  SometimesI had to set a timer to tell him when he had to STOP reading and come be part of the family again.  I recommend the books.  (175 - 200 pages each)
483 So much John Agee goodness!  The art and the gentle sense of humor make this a pleasure to read aloud to your family.
484 This book is great for kids and grown-ups.  It shows kids the gridded system of a dig, and the tools archaeologists use, and how very little of their work is actually "discoveries". Their work is mostly tedious record keeping, sifting for tiny bits of material, and analysis.  This book does a jaw-droppingly good job of taking such gritty details and weaving them into a real book, with a storyline and characters, and keeping the information fresh and interesting.  In the end, my elementary-aged scientist got all excited about the site map.  If your plans include a trip to a natural history museum, this book is a winner.
485 I have inherited silver from my inlaws.  These anti-tarnish strips really work - I can polish about once a year and have all the pieces looking great.  I do keep the silver in zippered silver storage bags.  Before I used the anti-tarnish strips I used to polish, put away, and have to polish again when I would take the pieces out to use them.  Now I can put them away polished and take them out ready to use.  This is a time saver.  Recommended!
486 This is a fun story to read with your family.  My kids like Polynesia the best -- she's a straight-talker.  This book offers insight into human nature, through the non-threatening commentary on how the animals are acting.  The animals in this book are really people... I guess I can understand where people would consider this an animal-rights type of book, but the fact that these are talking animals who make shopping lists, and use reason, and pay the bills... it's a frolic.
487 Wow -- this is a great book, and the illustrations are a complete thrill.  I love how Emberly captures the illustrations from other books and brings them right into this one.  And we sincerely LOVE the book "Shrek" by William Steig.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shrek/dp/0374368791/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shrek!</a>&nbsp;(The book is better!)  This book is great for that hard-to-convince, suspicious kid.  And for all the other types of kids, too!  Enjoy it with your family!
488 When kids are laughing, they are much more open to learning.  This book is a great warm-up, especially some of the tongue-twister pages.  Kids are willing to take on tougher challenges when they are laughing.  This is a funbook to introduce SOME of the human (cat-in-the-hat) body.
489 What's black and white and red ("read") all over? A newspaper... Or a cow in a tornado... Or BOTH!  Is this four books in one?  Or is it one book told from four different perspectives?  Each double-page is divided into quarters, and each quarter tells its own story, but the stories (and indeed, the pages) relate to one another.  The more you read it, the more connections you make.  This is one of those left-brain/right-brain books that is entertaining for most ages.  It works as four picture books for very young children, and it works for the adults who read it to them.  Ages five to dead, as my kids say.  Good one to take with us for Thanksgiving dinner - I'll bet grandpa will love it.
490 I'm a read-aloud Mom with a family of boys.  We enjoyed this book: it was fun to read, the secondary characters were a joy, and it was fast.  I get tired of main characters suffering through the divorce of their parents in children's books.  I understand why authors put their Important! Thoughts!About! Divorce! into books, but it was so meaningless to the story.  What we really liked were some of the puns and wordplay between the characters, and the insights into warfare and human nature.  Why does war have rules?  This is a uniquely human philosophy.  I'm glad we read it, and I would recommend it for other families.
491 I don't usually give Andrew Clements five stars - his books tend to feature teachers as adversaries.  This book idea was quite good - identical twins take advantage of a school glitch during their summer move.  The school combines their records into one record, and expects only one brother on the first day of school.  Highlights in a fun way the problem of trying to be someone you are not, and how one lie becomes almost impossible to maintain.  This is a much better book for teaching that lesson than "The Homework Machine" by Dan Gutman.   Twin boy lead characters.  In a way, parents have caused the problem, but the parents stick up for their kids when the trouble comes down.
492 David A. Adler is known for his illustrations and his readable biographies.  This book offers one-page bio-blurbs on many civil rights leaders, and accompanies them with outstanding illsutrations.  Only problem is, the racist LBJ is included in this book, and he has no place here.  Here are the heroes, minus LBJ: Ralph Abernathy Medgar Evers Andrew Goodman, James Earl Chaney, and Michael Henry Schwerner The Greensboro Four Fannie Lou Hamer Martin Luther King, Jr. The Little Rock Nine Thurgood Marshall James Meredith Rosa Parks Fred Shuttlesworth Earl Warren  Thank heavens that authors like David A. Adler are finally abandoning the myth of Rosa Parks as a tired little lady.  It's about time.  A good book for older kids to read that mixes well with this book is "New Boy"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Boy/dp/B004KABGKO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Boy</a>&nbsp;by Julian Houston.
493 My little pirates liked this history + biography.  They know a lot about the War of 1812 (Thanks, Carmen Sandiego DVDs) and this book filled in on Jackson and the Battle of New Orleans.  Excellent illustrations.  Fun for kids.
494 How do you boil down the individual tastes and preferences of 44 million people to come up with one monolithic blob we can call "black culture?"  Kevin M Burke (and Henry Louis Gates, Jr) are convinced they can pull it off.  So we have YET ANOTHER book of black milestones that almost completely overlooks the achievements of normal people: The Black Middle Class.  Businesspeople and franchise owners and regular working Joe's, landlords, nurses, cops, movie screenwriters, dentists, churchgoers, plumbers and electricians, parents, philanthropic organizations.  People who aren't swept up in the Need For Fame that this book so glorifies and normalizes: entertainers, preachers, politicians, sports stars.  And Marxist hate groups!  Add those characters in, for sure.  Nothing says Out Of Touch like glorifying violent criminals and rioters.  This book is very similar to "Timelines of African American History" by T. Cowan.  Not in a good way.  Black culture, as this book points out, is stratified.  But this book ignores all the strata except the very top (corrupt politicians, loudmouth agitators, hotshot sports stars, in your face entertainers) and the very bottom (mobs in the streets).  What a wasted opportunity.  I think you have to teach at Harvard to be this disconnected from the every day reality of the successful black middle class.  I recommend "One by One From the Inside Out" by Glenn C. Loury.  Much more helpful book.  At least this has nice photos, I guess.
495 I'm a mom with a family of boys.  The issue of prejudice is a real one and something every kid has to come to terms with, either because they see it in action or because they are bombarded with it from society.  So this book handles it well, although with a few more "Oh My Gods" and "Stupid Little Brothers" than we like to say around here.  Andrew Clements understands kids and writes them well, and one great thing about this book is that there is no teacher-antagonist, like in "Frindle" or "A Week In The Woods".  The kids in this book are fourth and sixth graders, and they are believable characters.  But the sitcom ending is a little hokey, I mean all these people are going to continue to interact as they have done in the past, right?  But now, kum-bah-ya.  Or something.
496 Usually, the Musicians of Bremen are given either too-realistic illustrations, or else cartoonish illustrations.  We have read five or six versions of the tale, and the stylish illustrations in this book set it far above the rest.  The animals "remember" in black and white line drawings (also the secondary action takes place in the sketches), while the main story goes on in color.  One weird line in the book was when the animals are discussing what music they should perform, and the donkey says it should be something by a woman.  What? Who cares?  It was just tossed in there with no context.  The author's notes tell us how important -- Important! -- it is to include women composers and make the donkey ringleader a female, also.  Look, I'm a woman, and I don't really care that much about whether the animals mangle a man's music tonight, or a woman's.  Leave that out of fairy tales, please.
497 I love this series for studying the orchestra.  The "characters" are instruments, and they are well-described as to their looks and sounds.  Pages 1-16 of my book are printed correctly.  Pages 17-32 of my book actually belong to the "String Family in Harmony!" book by the same author, and vice-versa.  That book has pages 17-32 of this book.  It's no problem because I have both books, and it's kind of fun for my family of good-natured boys.  Just wanted to point it out.
498 The more attention that is called to the plastic in our oceans, the sooner it will be gone, pulled away by humans.  Loree Griffin Burns not only shows the Garbage Patch (my main interest in picking up this book) but offers wonderful information on ocean currents and the jobs scientists do.  Great for any reader, but especially hopeful in the light of envirodisaster tourism.  Plastic is unsightly, but it is not toxic, it has the potential to absorb petroleum spilled in the oceans, and it will soon be gone.  So turn that Garbage Patch into a National Park and let's get going.
499 Oh, those little bunny bodies.  The illustrations in this book are adorable.  Jim Arnosky has a magical feel for the natural world.  My sons go crazy for those sweet little furry bunny bodies inthe pictures.  Even thought they are "too big" for story books, this one never fails to please.  It's like a guilty pleasure for them.  Lovely illustrations include many other creatures, and the natural settings are beautifully depicted.  We love this book.
500 There are three responses to the tragedies of life:  1) resignation and acceptance 2) rage 3) changing the game  This books gives each main character (Nathan, his father, and his grandfather) one of those approaches, and they flow and complement each other, giving the characters real personalities.  With a cast of black heroes in the post-Civil War south, this book is well-written and exciting.  Based on the real Surfmen at the Pea Island Rescue Station, this book teaches more than history.  It teaches persistence and a good attitude and hope.  Superb.  I'm raising a family of boys.  This book is thrilling and inspirational.  Highly recommend.
501 The light brick and the revolving beacon make this set very special.  It even comes with a minifig -- unusual in LEGO creator sets.  The lighthouse has an arched door that opens and also one side that opens for access into the interior, plus directions to make a motorboat.  Fish and seagulls, too!  The other two projects are a boathouse and a marina/observation station -- both fun, but not nearly the technical challenge of the lighthouse.  Perfect set -- thirtybucks is the right price.  ** Update January 2013: one of my kids memorized Poe's poem "The Raven."  Then the kids acted it out with this LEGO lighthouse set, plus two minifigs and 2 skeletons from the LEGO castle drawbridge defense 7079.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lego-Castle-7079/dp/B001V7RF9A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lego Castle 7079</a>&nbsp;The Raven was a seagull.  I'll upload a couple of cool photos in Customer Images. **
502 What a great story! Every child loves to be whooshed away to an earlier time when children roamed free across the countryside.  The five children in this family find a sand-fairy who grants wishes -- sort of a "Half-Magic" mixed bag of wishes, though.  Excellent fun -- these are normal-behaving children, and Edith Nesbit has a light touch.  Paul Zelinsky's illustrtions light up our edition -- try to find the book with his pictures.  It's worth it!
503 Wow!  Gramma had this one at her place, so we found it at Christmas this year.  The two little early readers wolfed t down -- they laughed and had a blast reading it.  Two friends frolic in a deep snowfall.  It's very cheerful and just great.  I think my kids liked the dog the best.
504 Gillian Wolfe does a great job with this series -- this is one of my favorites because of the zooming in.  We like that aspect of the Judith Cressy "Can You Find It?" books, too.  ASIN:0810932792 Can You Find It?: Search and Discover More Than 150 Details in 19 Works of Art]]  I love the art selections in this book.  There is way more here than we can see at our local art museum, in terms of styles and different time periods.  The Flying Codonas - John Stewart Curry Windows - Charles Sheeler Three Clowns in a Ring - Georges Screiber Broadway Boogie Woogie - Piet Mondrian Train Landscape - Eric Ravilious One of the Family - Frederick George Cotman The Poultry Yard - Jan Steen The Scullery Maid - unknown artist Eos - Sir Edwin Landseer Hunters in the Snow - Pieter Bruegel, the Elder Dynamism of a Dog on a Lead - Giacomo Balla The Vegetable Gardener - Giuseppe Arcimboldo Winter - Giuseppe Arcimboldo Self-Portrait - Van Gogh Rachel and Jacob at the Well - author unknown Cataract 3 - Bridget Riley Sept - Vassily Kandinsky
505 Beloved Agatha Christie novel -- Hercule Poirot gets the plot twist figured out.  Great book for travel - it zips right along.
506 Careful when you read this -- because of the unusual placement of the text on the pages, you may end up reading it out of sequence.  Garry Parsons does a great job with the illustrations -- it's difficult to draw farm animals standing up, but he does it.  We like it, but we don't just LOVE it.
507 Nice latches. You standard sewing machine will fit inside.  Good handle,durable, and clean.
508 This book could use LARGER maps.  The images are so interesting, but they are so small and hard to see.  That's a shame.  We also enjoyed the mapping book "Small Worlds" by Karen Young.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Small-Worlds-Maps-And-Map-Making/dp/043909545X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Small Worlds: Maps And Map Making</a>
509 Mine is inscribed "To Eli J Brown from his teacher Irene Fleming"  It is quite old and the pages are broken at one place, but it is still a joy to read. This book has it all.  If you are related to Eli or Irene, you can have my copy. Just get in touch.  First, it operates as a descriptive history of the Civil War, from First Manassas to Petersburg.  It is told from the perspective of a young cavalry officer. Outstanding character - brave, honest, dutiful, gentlemanly, humane.  Next, it is a gripping adventure story. Fights, whipping, runaway, danger at sea, courage under fire, taken prisoner, escape, loyal (and clever) servants, bushwackers, women in peril, espionage, escape from executioners, freedom for slaves.  Told in a no-nonsense, practical way. Vincent Wingfield is practically perfect, and an enjoyable role model for young Americans.  This book was entertaining. I recommend it.
510 My understanding of this book owes quite a bit to the movie "The Great Escape"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Great-Escape/dp/0792838408/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Great Escape</a>&nbsp;starring Steve McQueen.  Perhaps watching that movie before reading the book will give your child or student more of a sense for the scenery and danger involved.  Very good story of a downed WWII pilot and the French resistance.  LOTS of French -- plan accordingly to either explain it to your student or allow them to guess at the meaning.  Students taking Latin and/or French will be at an advantage.  Parent notes: Secret police/torture and imprisonment of women/torture and imprisonment of the main character/sexual awakening.  Impassioned attacks on Nazi collaborators.  Quite a bit of guerilla warfare.  Good for older grades.  Very good.
511 Well done illustrations and a good map set this book apart from other books for young children about Native Americans.  It highlights five different cultures.  1) Muskogee - introduces itinerant river traders.  Shows how trades were conducted, talks about body language and eye contact, great for weighing the value of trade goods. 2) Dakota - shows a boy on a buffalo hunt in the snow.  Very clear information on the usefulness of the buffalo, shows the gear the hunters wear. 3) Huron - How to make a canoe from birchbark - the usefulness of natural materials 4) Tlingit - wood carving and painting - show totem poles and their meanings.  Very good information about relative status within the group. 5) Nootka - Hunting fish and whales with spears - demonstrates using fish for oil and lamps  This book lacks any information about desert people or southwest people, and with the Nootka are in there, maybe some MesoAmerican people ought to have been included.  This is a very basic book, good for kids.  Great illustrations.
512 Four solid pages of text discussing the Articles of Confederation and the creation of the Constitution.  Then many, many illustrations for the text of the Preamble.  Includes great maps, the text of the Constitution with all the amendments, and photocopies of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.  Very neat book.
513 This is my favorite of this series.  As with the others, the rhyming scheme seems too pushed.  But my kids like it very well.  And they get it, and they QUOTE it, which is great.
514 The case studies are interesting to me, and the book shhould be good.  It offers information from interviews and other sources that should really make each chapter pop!  But the chapters just go on... and on... and on... OK, got it.
515 I enjoyed these unusual stories.  Many of them were romances with happy endings, several supernatural stories.  Jewel heists are a prominent theme.
516 This is the same tired anti-western junk that pervades the leftist culture.  The Professional Left can't get over being wrong about Communism, and they think you've forgotten.  Yawn.  +Also, read "Gulag" by Anne Applebaum.  Just for some perspective.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gulag-A-History/dp/1400034094/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gulag: A History</a> +For more on Progressivism without Progress, try "Left in Dark Times" by Bernard Levy&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Left-in-Dark-Times-A-Stand-Against-the-New-Barbarism/dp/B002T450FA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Left in Dark Times: A Stand Against the New Barbarism</a> +And for a real "fight the power" flavor, try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/33-Questions-About-American-History-You-re-Not-Supposed-to-Ask/dp/0307346692/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">33 Questions About American History You're Not Supposed to Ask</a>.
517 These stick to plastic, metal, and painted drywall. Good for clean lettering and high visibility
518 I don't mean to make trouble, but I'm not sure it is legal to use my Aunt Jody's photo for this album cover.  I mean, sure, she looks totally different now that the operation was a success.  In fact, she looks so good, they are modeling heroic action figures on her new face and body!  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Accoutrements-Crazy-Cat-Lady-Action-Figure/dp/B0006GKJ7C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Accoutrements Crazy Cat Lady Action Figure</a>  But maybe she should be getting royalties for this?  Who should I contact?
519 We love the pioneering spirit.  This book models consideration, perseverance, courtesy, and loving your sibling.  The illustrations are vivid, the emotions are real but not overwhelming, and the heroic schoolteacher and her students survive the blizzard.  This book is a keeper!
520 This book is a retelling, not the original words of the Rudyard Kipling story.  In fact, the elephant's child is female in this book, and all spankings have been eliminated from the story.  What I miss is the little Rudyard Kipling poem about the six honest serving-men from the original Just-So's.  The illustrations, many of them on a black background for extra drama, steal the show.  One page folds out as the crocodile pulls!
521 It fits my 5-1/2 tall tumblers. I have some spare glassware that I want to store: keep it clean and dust-free, near at hand but put away. This container fits perfectly. I can even place light items on top of the storage case lid.  Im glad I decided to buy this.
522 "Steampunk Poe" gets my hopes up, but there were simply not enough great illustrations in this book, and what there were were just not... not *that* steampunk.  Still, it's a really good collection.  Stories:  The Masque of the Red Death The Tell-Tale Heart The Fall of the House of Usher The Murders in the Rue Morgue The Balloon-Hoax The Spectacles The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether  Poems:  The Raven To Helen The City in the Sea A Dream Within a Dream The Conqueror Worm The Bells  Try this collection, with illustrations by Barry Moser:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tales-of-Edgar-Allan-Poe-Book-of-Wonder/dp/0688075096/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tales of Edgar Allan Poe (Book of Wonder)</a>&nbsp;-- More stories and SUPERB illustrations.
523 This is a great introduction to American poetry for your kids.  It is more modern, and many of the poems describe cities and children.  But the images that stay the longest (for us) are of the fall and winter trees (one nicely illustrated for the cover).  Great illustrations accompany these poems.  Do not hesitate to get this one.
524 Man, how true this is.  It's not even that current, but things don't change too much.  Now we have a Popein this mold.  What next?
525 This is a book for very small children that is not only a corny and well-illustrated story, but also demonstrates how weights balance each other in a floating boat.  Just like in Jan Brett's "The Mitten," it is the mouse that finally causes all the trouble.  This book is completely worth it, just to see the cow's body as shee leans back on the boat and then loses her balance.  Udderly riotous laughter.
526 My kids have read the covers off this book.  Between the magical storyline, the lovable narrator, the comfortable Harvey Potter himself, and the down-home-good-old-America town setting, this book is a winner.  But for me, it's all about the hidden pictures.  It's worth memorizing the story so you can "read" it out loud while you grab a couple more minutes of searching the pages -- get a head start on your kids.  Great, great book -- great for the imagination, and great for the spirit.
527 Wow!  Extra long trains need to go off on a siding -- shorter trains zip down this thing to a chorus of cheers and laughing.  We use our battery-powered Brio trains on this with great success.  The up-ramps are very stable, and the whole system works well.  From time to time, you may have to re-align the curved tracks and push them further down into the grips on the support trestles.  This comes packaged in a flat box with decent directions.  It works well on hard, flat surfaces (tile or wood floor) -- carpet requires more re-alignments.  Comes with ramps for the ends of the track -- this is a good piece for the money.
528 The illustrations in this book are lovely.  I'm an illustration fanatic.  This book looks at landmarks in order to illustrate architectural styles.  Seems like a slow progression at first, and then fast forward.  You'll see:  Eiffel Tower Pyramids Parthenon Colisseum Hagia Sofia Speyer Cathedral Burg Eltz Chartres Cathedral Palladio villa Taj Mahal Versailles Berlin Schauspeilhaus Westminster Palace/Big Ben Statue of Liberty Coalbrookdale Bridge Eiffel Tower Sagrada Familia Chrysler Building Bauhaus Dessau Notre Dame du Haut de Ronchamp Guggenheim Museum Sydney Opera House NYC Hundertwasser's Hill Houses Guggenheim Museum Bilbao Bird's Nest  Beijing blobitecture
529 Older kids who can stomach some of the harsh details (settlers attacked and Indians waving blond scalps around in triumph, hints at how Indians slowly torture and kill their captives...) and can work through the vernacular language will find a coming-of-age story.  Jim, who ran away at the age of 11 and was terribly mauled by a bear a year later, then restored to health and adopted by Crow Indians, identifies only with his Native American relations.  He spends six years fully accepted as a Crow, fighting with them, hunting with them, honoring their spirits, thinking as they think.  His tribe attacks white settlers, and something in the victory celebration sets Jim on edge.  He runs away from the Crows and teams up with a mountain man, a trapper.  The two of them make steady, quiet companions.  Then comes the note, a summons from his surviving family desperate for his help.  He returns to them, and the conflict between his old culture and his new culture is starkly and beautifully protrayed for a couple of hundred pages.  This book is well written.  My oldest had trouble with "bourgeways" until I explained "bourgeois".  There is plenty of suspense and action to keep kids turning the pages.  Very interesting.
530 I had read "Manhunt" several years ago&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Manhunt-The-12-Day-Chase-for-Lincoln-s-Killer-P-S/dp/0060518502/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Manhunt: The 12-Day Chase for Lincoln's Killer (P.S.)</a>&nbsp;-- and it was an exciting, fast read.  This book is more thoughtful, and it makes clear exactly how big the celebrity of John Wilkes Booth and his brother Edwin really was.  They were extremely well-known people.  Lots of photographs, lots of information about the lifestyle of actors at this period of time, plenty of wild behavior.  Well-researched, very readable, and great not just for kids (this is listed as juvenile biography, but it is universally interesting.)
531 When the answer to the title questions is, "We still don't really know"...  ... anyway, this book does a good job explaining what we do know, and how scientists track birds, and what experiments scientists have done to test birds' abilities.  The illustrations are realistic, the birds are recognizable, and it's a visually pretty book.  I always love this Let's-Read-And-Find-Out series of books because they offer one or more hands-on science experiments kids can do to follow up on the topic.  Of course, when the topic is live birds, there is going to be less of this.  Still, something with a magnetic compass might have been appropriate, or a way to become part of the annual backyard bird count in America.
532 It's best for the self-impressed.  Look, what makes it art?  If an artist says it's art, supposedly.  And how does one become a certified artist?  Self-impressed.  Artists don't have a right to acclaim, or even to be seen.  If your character and personality insist that you make art, then you make art.  Independently of public perception.  Demanding that the public see your art is.... ummm... bordeline mental illness.  It's the same premise behind U2 uploading their album "for free" permanently onto every person's iTunes.  Art is personal.  I'm the viewer.  I get to pick for myself.
533 This is "Chicken Run" with a vegetarian lecture on the side.  Absolutely adorable illustrations make this a bit more palatable (I meant to do that).  Emphasizes the importance of learning to read, and of persistence in the face of insurmountable obstacles.
534 Eyewitness books are predictably excellent, using photographs and blurbs to pack a ton of information onto every page.  Not much in this book on trade networks or warfare, but a good look at the technology of Indian groups.
535 I'm eleven years old.  I read this book and I wrote a great long review of it, but amazon deleted it because I mentioned the name of one of the American heores in the book.  Then I wrote another review but it was much shorter.  But it got deleted too.  The guy's name starts with a G and rhymes with "day" and you'll like this book, especially the air battles. But don't write a review or amazon will delete it.
536 This book was not compelling until the end.  This book was well-researched and competently written, but along the lines of birthplaces, memories of schoolmates, and girlfriends.  The characters of the musicians ane notably honorable, mischievous, fun-loving, dutiful... as you would expect.  The book dedicates a LOT of space to puzzling out the final song played by the band.  This section overlooks the possibility of the power of suggestion for finding such concensus among the passengers' memories.  This book is loaded with photographs.  The book beautifully describes the noble qualities of self-sacrifice and Christian virtue transcending the cowardice, fear, and horror during the sinking.  This book has interesting information about the Black agency and how the White Star Line musicians were contracted.  Reading along, the book is pleasant but not too whoopty, three stars for sure... until CHAPTER 16!  The discovery of Wallace Hartley's violin made the book for me.  How exciting - how impossible!  That thrilling chapter, along with ts altogether well-written and enjoyable history, made the book a must-read.  Thank you, Steve Turner.  More books like this, please.
537 This graphic history (comic book style) shows Ford overcoming the restrictions of traditional craftsmanship in his factories by instituting assembly lines -- genius!  It also shows hos PRIVATE SECTOR wage increases occur because of increased productivity.  (Note: not a government-mandated wage increase).  The Model T changed America.  Thanks, Henry Ford.
538 This book fills a gap in children's literature.  There is an absolute ton of Underground Railroad literature, and an absolute ton of Civil Rights literature, for children.  But that in-between gap -- covered by Christopher Paul Curtis but not many others -- is filled in well with this story of American small town life in North Carolina before Roosevelt's Great Depression really got into full swing.  Full of normal Americans living normal American lives and helping one another through troubles, and narrated by a normal American child in normal American words, this book is absolutely brilliant.  This normalcy sets off the evil racist democrat policies of the Jim Crow south, and create the jarring end-of-innocence experiences that the reader shares with Stella and Jojo and Tony, and even Paulette.  Parents will note a few colloquial sayings that they may not wish their fourth grader to repeat: "Get your butts to school...", "Oh Lordy," "butt-freezing cold."  Great use of story-within-a-story format with The Chicken and the Eagle and The People Who Could Fly.
539 We love the books where the kids have fun with their parents - in this book, it's a girl and her Daddy, and they find two old, sprouted potatoes.  Rather than toss them, they plant them and tend them and harvest them and eat them.  Really special story, with amazing collage-style illustrations.  Very bold presentation - this book is an eye-pleaser.  Recipe for your child to make the mashed potatoes at the end of the story - yum!  We tried the nutmeg.
540 I study Shakespeare with teens, and they occasionally act out scenes/plays, memorize dialog, transform Shakespeare into something they can use every day.  This book is handy. It describes the action of the pats, broken out into (usually) five acts, it offers quotable lines, it shows productions of Shakespeare that range from traditional to avant- garde.  Excellent.  Along the way, the book has a synopsis for each play, a section on sonnets, and a Shakespeare biography.  Im pleased I bought this. It is a useful resource.
541 If you've read Owen and Mzee, then you already know the Unlikely-Species-Become-Best-Friends story.  Tarra and Bella has nice photos of the elephant and the dog, and the elephant stands vigil when the dog is injured.  It's a nice story... but there's just not that much going on.  Great photos!
542 This is the sort of LEGO set you'll awnt to have multiples of -- certainly one for every child.  The set is priced very inexpensively and holds up very well under even non-careful play.  Fun assembly of the excavator arm gives a little something to learn, giant tires hold up well, plenty of cute manly details.  We got this for tenbucks.  Unbelievable price.  BUy multiples.  For birthday parties or family play, this can't be beat.
543 This book is well illustrated by Allan Drummond in the style of the H.A. Rey's illustrations.  The book feels like a scrapbook, and it tells about how Margret and H.A. Rey bicycled to freedom just ahead of the Nazi occupation of France.  It also follows them to Brazil and southern France - all admirably recorded and detailed.  Good research in this book.  It combines photographs with journal outtakes and illustrations done by Rey.  The text is very Curious-George-y - your young reader can handle this as a biography.  Well done and interesting.
544 These wind spinners last 2-3 years in all seasons of weather in our sunny, hot Phoenix garden.  This is our third one -- we have had copper/blue, all copper, and now this chrome one.  They are mesmerizing to watch -- We hang them where they have nice contrast against the hardscape and let them rip.  The two helixes spin independently -- sometimes in opposite directions.  They nearly always are spinning, even when the air seems quite still.
545 So comfortable!  I have normal feet.  These offer a nice cushion at the heel and ball of the foot.  Very comfortable for walking and daily wear.
546 My kids went ripping through this book, talking all about the scenes and the escape.  So I decided to read it myslf.  It's an exciting adventure -- well worth reading.  I would recommend it for any family.  Some vocabulary includes: medieval, massive, dread, nuisance, steadfastness, wary.  Enjoy it with your family.  This would be perfect for read-alouds.
547 My kids brought this home from the library; it is a huge hit.  This is our first exposure to Lio and we will be looking for more.  Laughs all around, from oldest to youngest.
548 This book is essentially the same as his biography "Survival in the Killing Fields"  Read one or the other, but read one.  Revolutions are all the same. To survive, you must be brutal or subtle.  Haing Ngor's account is worthwhile.
549 I'm not the most permissive parent, but this is ridiculous.  There must be some really uptight parents and teachers out there, who can not tolerate children making mistakes or learning through errors.  Kids old enough to absorb this text and learn from it are definitely old enough to do the activities, even if their results aren't perfect.  But all the fun activities begin with "adult supervision".  Without an adult, your child is left to play marbles, start a discussion club, and fool around with static electricity.  Come on.
550 We bought mulitples of this nativity to give as teacher gifts and pastor gifts -- they are high quality.  They are very solidly made, they come in a cardboard box, and each one is about 6" high.  They have a little more depth front-to-back (almost 2 inches), which makes them more special and eyecatching.  Each one is a lttle different.  Enjoy!
551 This is a well produced edition of this book, with a somewhat interesting introduction by the author (best saved for last).  I got this for my homeschooled high schooler.  Do they still read this book in America's schools?  It is worthwhile.  One man's perception of imperceptibility.  Some good vocabulary builders, a good narrative voice, interesting characters.  After you read it, check out the map of the story within the book "Plotted, A Literary Atlas" .
552 I recently read "Manhunt!" by James L. Swanson, so the events of the Lincoln assassination are still fresh for me.  This book does a good job capturing and simplifying the story (for instance, almost nothing of the conspiracy to murder Seward and Johnson makes it into the book, apart from a little note at the end), so the assassination looks like a one-off crime of opportunity.  The illustrations do a good job of capturing the action, and it all revolves around Lincoln.  There is very light information about Booth's escape and eventual capture, which is the really exciting part.  This would be good for an introductory reader.  Parents note: this is a graphic history, which means it looks like a comic book.  Many teachers will not accept this format for a school report, so check with your child's teacher!
553 The map/circuit board page is the best.  The rest of the book is a little Jetson-ish.  We love the graphics, but the story itself is not that interesting.  After you've read it once...  I would recommend you get this from the library BEFORE you purchase.
554 It's blazing hot here in Arizona, so I pulled out all our Christmas books for a bit of a change.  This book -- "Snow Sounds" -- and Matt Tavares' "The Night Before Christmas" are two of our favorites for getting us into the spirit of being chilly and snuggled up.  And they are so much fun to read aloud.  This is also a great book for getting the concept of onomatopoeia (I looked up how to spell it) easily into your kids' heads. It's so much fun to read these when the snow is just a memory and a wish.  Enjoy!
555 These illustrations remind me of some Alphonse Mucha art windows we saw in Prague.  Very stylish illustrations, with borders that show transformations.  Simply beautiful.  The well-written story is a pleasure to read out loud - this book is a keeper.
556 This book is a fun romp through the history of civilization.  The thesis here is that western culture is spread through decisive results on the battlefield - we change the course of history on the battlefield.  Especially good counter to the "injustice" of "cultural appropriation" that weak minds profess: p. 39, Arbetus: civilization is transmitted. It is open to anyone.  Civilization is cooperative.  This book is also good at transmitting a cultural competency in western history and civilization.  Learn the places, the people, the nicknames, the political ideas.  Good book for high schoolers and up.  These battles aren't the ones that come standard in books of military history.  Worthwhile.
557 This one and "Rip Van Winkel" with illustrations by John Howe both belong with the revolutionary war unit.  Their illustrations of the clothing and settings of the 1770's in America are superb.  This book gives you illustrations for the song "Yankee Doodle" that track one little boy.  Good illustrations of period clothing and lots of surprises on every page.  Includes the music for "Yankee Doodle" and a history of the song at the back.  Also includes a glossary of the words in the song, and gives some context.  Well done book.
558 Oh, to be able to see these frescoes after their description in Katherine Neville's fiction book, The Eight.  I'm so glad I picked this up -- it is great just for the pictures alone, and the maps, but when I read the text, it is even more fascinating.  It has some technical jargon, but is very readable for a layperson, and I'm glad I have it.  Many, many photos, several full-color spreads.  Great maps, diagrams, and charts.
559 This was my son's first pocket knife.  He had been coveting the older kids' knives and pocket tools.  Finally he got one of his own for Christmas.  It is well made, nice movement, he likes the phillips head screwdriver and the knife the best.
560 This is an easy read for third graders - and it is outrageously funny.  Over the top bad behavior.  Touching at the end.  Many people more talented than I have written good reviews of this book - I concur.
561 I wanted a book explaining the quest for the Northwest Passage.  This book is based on an obscure Canadian folk song and a cross-Canada road trip by the folk singer's devoted fan (the author.)  The background information that was presented was anti-technology and rah rah for Indians, the Knowers of All Things.  Too much THE ARCTIC ICE IS ALL MELTING!!!!!!! nonsense and not enough about the exciting explorations.  And Canada-centric.  All of the listed explorers are British, no mention of the Perry expedition or, strangely, Matthew Henson, who lived with the Indians, spoke their language, and took their advice for a successful mission.  Weird, since the book seems to be railing against the Franklin expedition as Ignorers of All-Knowing Indians..  Anyway, I think I would love this more if I were Canadian.  Maybe.  I'm giving it an extra star for the interesting illustrations, but too many of them feature the author on a road trip.  Who cares about the author OR the folk singer?  I want a book about the Northwest Passage.
562 Outstanding value. $50 at Costco.  This folds easily to store. Folded dimensions are 36 x 28 x 4 inches. Goes great with the benches.
563 Still a great thematic album, very singable.  The songs are fun and interesting.
564 This book works on many levels - the story of a girl who is sick at home the day the vocabulary words are assigned, and how she misunderstands one of the words.  It is also the clever use of vocabulary words to tell the alphabetical story of her disease symptoms.  Third, it gives a wider look at how embarrassing situations make us feel, and how to turn them from disasters into a shared bond.
565 My previous oxo salad spinner lasted 12 years, but the spring and gears finally failed.  This one is made of thicker plastic, hopefully more durable.
566 So, we spent our Christmas vacation visitng a hospitalized relative.  This game is great because you can play it on a squishy surface (hospital bed) with no problem.  The die is contained, the pieces are pegs with slots.  This is a portable "Sorry" game.  I recommend it.
567 As an unschooling parent of boys who "dropped out" of grade school, I notice that the anecdotes in this book reinforce our family's learning style.  Periods of general interest, punctuated with bursts of intense focus.  The availability of widespread video instruction means any person's interests can be pursued on a schedule and depth that pleases that person.  The book runs long.  Was this a good lecture that has been developed into book form?
568 From the illustrator of the "Tacky the Penguin" books comes this little visual treasure, a story book that shows-and-tells about balance -- and cooperation!  The animals are a total hoot -- the giraffe sits side-saddle, among other things, and the expressions on their faces as they all cramon the seesaw are just perfect.  (First time I ever saw a lady lion with a mane, though.)
569 This biography, written for third graders and up, combines color photographs and illustrations with an interesting (ultimately sad) text.  Tecumseh's leadership is lauded time and again, although no mention is made of his tactics.  glossary includes terms like eclipse, meteor, strategy, torture.  Good index.
570 Some of these blocks are silent and some make a little noise: a quiet bell or a soft click.  These are great for entertaining a one year old in church. Keep one in your pocket for emergencies.
571 There is nothing objectionable in this story (no bad language or anything), but it is just not that entertaining.  It's an interesting idea, but it seems like all the humor is missing.  It's not difficult to read - the students in the story are fifth graders, but surely fifth graders will be fairly bored by the book.  My third grader read it in a couple of hours.  And he liked it, don't get me wrong.  So, the plot: a smart-aleck child gets a big idea to start calling his pen by a new noun - FRINDLE.  He gets his friends to do the same, and it spreads through his grade.  His language arts teacher is not a bit happy about this, and bans kids from saying Frindle.  So of course, it becomes all the rage.  News articles, TV reports, a patent on the word, and always the teacher in opposition.  Because words mean things, and word meanings are important cues for language and cognition.  Cute ending.  Actually, I tend to come down on the side that words mean things.  A large part of the disagreements about "food insecurity" and "homosexual marriage" and "racism" and "civil discourse" and "a living Constitution" and "undocumented immigrants" and "terrorism" is due to the fact that America has become sloppy about what words mean.
572 We have enjoyed this book so much!  I'm a read-aloud Mom with a family of boys, and we thrive on fairy tales.  This is an unusual fairy tale with extraordinary pictures, and a setting in Russia, and Jan Brett's talent for foreshadowing and storytelling.  This book is captivating.  And fun.  Large picture book, haevy papers, one two-page spread of the Ball.  This would be a perfect gift for your favorite niece or nephew.  Perfect.
573 What a triumph!  This book captures a larger-than-life personality with dynamite illustrations and interesting text, broken into chunks so that younger readers can manage it.  As a mom of boys, I am on constant lookout for books with male heroes that show positive values and use good, challenging vocabulary.  This book captures the Old West and the John-Wayne-cowboy code: men are honorable and trustworthy.  Get this one.  Parent note: A lot of idioms and old-west style of talking.  Guns.  Hangings.  Fun to read as a family.  Very fun to act out.  (Not the hangings, obviously)
574 This placemat is not as informative as our other US Presidents placemat:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/U-S-Presidents-Activity-Placemat/dp/B007VHFTH4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">U.S. Presidents Activity Placemat</a>.  The prices are similar, but the other placemat is much more informative.  This placemat fulfills its number one job -- easy clean up.  In addition to presidential portraits (colorized), it lists the years of each president's term, his party, birth date and death date, and vice president.  Includes information on the constitutional eligibility to become president and the Oath of Office.  So kids can practice!  The back of the placemat is a repeat of all the presidential portraits, but this time in black and white and mixed up for a little quiz.  We memorized all the presidents last month, using the "Yo, Millard Fillmore" method.  One week -- sticky information.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Yo-Millard-Fillmore-And-all-those-other-Presidents-you-don-t-know-Paperback/dp/B00842XYRW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Yo Millard Fillmore!: (And all those other Presidents you don't know) [Paperback</a>]
575 This books gives you onomotopoeia for the sounds of the instruments.  It also demonstrates adding instruments -- solo, duet, trio, quartet...  Great illustrations.  Excelelnt illustrations.
576 Durable chew toys; I gave a flying pig, a chicken, and a blue dino as gifts
577 I am thinking about adding a world mythology flair to our family reading.  It's hard to read this book as a straight story -- it is fairly cartoonish -- but it is great for introducing the characters and stories to children.  Marcia Williams simplifies and clarifies the stories -- and all her characters are funny.
578 In this book, Peter Malone's art completes the story.  This is a good way to introduce opera to young people, and Anne Gatti includes phrases from the opera (pretty little wife...)  I have a child who, at age 6, is not old enough to get the whole book in one sitting, but since each page is such a complete story-within-the-story, I have no problem reading a few pages and putting the book down.  Older children love the book and its illustrations, and if you are taking your kids to the theater to see the Magic Flute, this is an excellent choice.  Bring it with you for the waiting.  The soft cover won't make noise even if the book is accidentally dropped.  Lovely book.
579 The quatrains are beautifully presented, and the painted illustrations evoke the text. Outstanding book for your collection.  Fine hardcover edition with 12 paintings in full color, plus line drawings on every page. Good introduction with biographical information.
580 Artemis Fowl isnot really my thing; my family of boys like Artemis.  The graphic novel is very well done.  The story itself was easy to follow in this format.  Thoughts are printed in colored blocks, keyed to each character.  Muttered comments are printed in dashed word bubbles.  The panels flow well across the page.  This review is for the hardcover book.  Parent note: Some "hell" and "damn"
581 This is great for an upper grades biography - wonderful illustrations and a large size format make the book appealing.  Includes a timeline, a wonderful index, and notes.  Tons of illustrations.  Makes Lafayette out as quite daring and heroic and a staunch friend of Liberty - good role model for boys.
582 This is a great book about an independent boy who takes a dangerous job.  He makes light of the hazards he encounters -- Indians, wolves, and bandits -- and perseveres to get his job done.  His letters to his mother are both funny (in what they leave out) and sweet (he is sending money home to his mother -- very responsible.)  I think Bill's ten-dollar hat made a big impression on my son -- It cost almost half of a month's pay.  I tried to explain how much money that would be, if our Daddy bought a hat that cost half his earnings for a month.  I must put in a great word for Don Bolognese's illustrations -- they convey all the action and excitement of the story.  Well done!  *** update *** A follow on to this book, at a harder reading level (maybe second grade), is "They're Off" by Cheryl Harness
583 Not just a book, this is a project in the making for your kids.  Can they find examples of each of these architectural elements in your town?  Giant, double-page photographs help kids explore.  Fun rhymes and questions capture their attention.  Enjoy!
584 This book includes: How the Whale got his Throat How the Camel got his Hump How the Rhinoceros got his Skin How the Leopard got his Spots The Elephant's Child (male elephant) The Sing-Song of Old Man Kangaroo The Beginning of the Armadillos The Cat that Walked by Himself (plus all the original poems that follow the stories)  As near as I can tell, this book keeps the exact wording in the Rudyard Kipling stories (Best Beloved, 'Scruciating, 'Sclusively...)  This book is excellent for reading out loud, and the illustrations (each story by a different illustrator) are attention-getting.  Share this book with your children - the stories of trickery and consequencesare great teaching tools.
585 The book accurately describes the problems with the law -- the mandates, the crackdown on insurance profitability, the penalties on pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers, the shut-down of medical innovation, the financial risks faced by doctors, hospitals, and states who adopt Medicaid expansion.  Some needed changes:  1) reverse deductions for medical expenses 2) raise FSA limits 3) eliminate Obamacare's marriage penalties and Medicare taxes 4) repeal medical device manufactirer's taxes 5) repeal IPAB 6) pay physicians  Obamacare should be repealed and replaced with a reasonable system of open insurance markets across all states, an elimination of coverage mandates, and equalizing of the tax treatment of employer-based and individual insurance.  Establish government high-risk pools to take care of the (seemingly quite few) uninsured people who are too sick to get insurance -- there's your safety net.  Sally C. Pipes did a good job with this book. That doesn't make the situation less depressing, but it is refreshing to read a well-written summary (52 pages) of the road ahead.
586 This is the book to buiy for your child's interest in bridge building.  Information about engineering professions, technology, equipment -- 15 pages!  Then into the projects and historical bridge building techniques.  Very good projects, doable by regular kids with materials you already own (cardboard tubes, poster board, popsicle sticks (need lots!), marshmallows/toothpicks, pennies, sugar cubes, plastic cups...  You'll learn about Ancient Roman pile drivers, about prefabricated cast iron bridges, about structural collapse... about all types of bridges, famous bridges, and forces at work on bridges.  THEN you learn it all about tunnels.  Oh, yes.  What a book.  Buy this book.  And for seriously bridge-crazed kids, try K'Nex&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/K-NEX-Education-Real-Bridge-Building/dp/B0007002WE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">K'NEX Education - Real Bridge Building</a>
587 I think these cards are great, but their size would tend to make them more suitable for occupational therapy or classroom uses, rather than fun for kids.  These cards are 9X12, printed on very nice, heavy paper.  There are three "phases" -- first all the shapes are represented with the outlines of the tangrams, then all the shapes are presented as white outlines, then finally all the shapes are presented as black silhouettes (some even require the use of 2 tangram sets).  Answer page included.  I was really looking for fun tangram flashcards for my kids to noodle around with.  These are really nice, but not what I need because they 1) are not portable in my purse, and 2) do not include enough tangrams at every level.  I was hoping for flashcards with a puzzle on the front and a solution on the back, becoming increasingly difficult.  I'll keep looking.  I plan to donate these cards to a classroom teacher.  **update ** What I ended up with was a game called Tangoes<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Classic-Tangoes/dp/B00000K3BU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Classic Tangoes</a>&nbsp;for one or two players.  Compact -- it is about 8" x 4" and very slim.
588 I'm eleven.  This is a captivating book.  It starts out with a good map and has four pages of text telling the history and context.  Then the action begins.  This book shows and tells about the Battle of Midway.  It shows the problems when aerial recon and communication are incorrect, it shows some mechanical misfunctions, and it shows how the enemy can be deceived.  It shows sneak attacks, too.  IT really does a good job showing how fast and confusing battle is.  All of the planes are drawn very well.  The book shows how the Japanese carrier Kaga was finally destroyed, and then shows the destruction of Akagi.  There were some heroes in this book.  The book mainly focuses on the Japanese perspective.  The book showed blood and carnage.
589 Perfect for read-alouds.  I am raising a family of boys, and finding character-shaping stories is a constant goal.  We read together the first two stories in this Treasury -- very worthwhile.  They also tied in perfectly with our history study of the age of idustrialization in America.
590 From the very first illustration, of the sorcerer approaching Aladdin's town, looking surreptitiously over his shoulder, we were HOOKED.  This is a long retelling, so you can keep your kids hooked through several nights of bedtime stories.  The illustrations are dramatic and wonderful, with lots of action, and the story itself is such a classic.  This book is much better than the Disney movie; the magic stays obedient to the wearer of the ring and the holder of the lamp.  Coming of age - a young scoundrel gains wisdom and earns love and respect.
591 Very satisfying book that shows the grief of those left behind when slaves were taken.  It's good to add sound effects for the Elements Earth, Fire, Water, and Wind.  The illustrations are powerful and evocative of different places and universal emotions.  Lovely to read aloud with your family, or for parent reading day at school.  Tracks loosely with the novel "Roots," if that interests you.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Roots-The-Saga-of-an-American-Family/dp/1593154496/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Roots: The Saga of an American Family</a>  For more information about blacksmithing as an important trade in African cultures and for enslaved people in America, try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hidden-in-Plain-View-A-Secret-Story-of-Quilts-and-the-Underground-Railroad/dp/0385497679/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hidden in Plain View: A Secret Story of Quilts and the Underground Railroad</a>.
592 My husband prefers these goggles that fit outside the eyesocket.  Clear lenses is perfect for nighttime and indoor swimming
593 Easier reading than I thought it would be.  Government as it is instituted serves some or most of the needs of the people.  Why overthrow EVRYTHING about the old customs in order to produce change?  Against violent fanatacism and heaven-on-earth utopianism.  Rousseau holds hands with Robespierre, every time.
594 Who knew it could be that simple to ease America out of this Recession and back into The Good Society?  Step 1: Seize profits. Step 2: A MIRACLE happens! Step 3: Prosperity ensues.  Oh, joy.  Removing the filthy profit motive from financial markets will help us in our noble quest to redistribute all that glorious money.  Because coercive government always, ALWAYS leads to the government coffers overflowing with abundance.  (Don't forget to be very very smart about it.  Talk to smart guys like Robert J. Shiller.  They'll help the NEXT American leaders be smart.  Smart, smart, smart.)  (Being smart will help us avoid the regrettable results of the other confiscating thug governments who have tried this: Lenin, Stalin, Hitler, Mao Zedong, Eva Peron, Castro, Idi Amin, Robert Mugabe all headed up similar famine-and-death-squad programs... obviously, they weren't smart.  Robert J. Shiller can help.)  Now, explain to me why, oh why, this simple 3-step process could not work to pull America out of the economic doldrums and lead us to our dazzling new future.  After all, we have Shiller.  Oh, yeah.
595 Good illustrations and a longer text make this a good biography for older grades.  William R. Sanford does a good job creating the setting of the frontier as well as relaying the facts of Carson's life.  Nice glossary and index.
596 When I was young, Mom told us never, never to play on the tracks.  We were only 4 blocks away.  Guess where we played - of COURSE.  We would bike over, and we'd walk along the tracks to the ends of our friend's streets, and throw rocks up and over the embankment, and search for litter, and generally be "bad" all by ourselves.  As rebellion goes, it's pretty tame - but it could have ended badly any number of times.  Anyway, this book teaches the message, and I never have to say a word.  Off topic, but then you get a movie like "Cars," where Lightning McQueen races the train, and the mom in me goes into full lecture mode.  Bah, Disney!
597 These fit great at the waist and seat, but they are a little short.  Good looking, easy to care for.
598 Our trains only come out at Christmas, and my kids look forward to them every year.  My little boys are bigger, and they like to make big giant complicated track layouts.  Suretrack clips help them.  *** I added some photos in customer images.***  You fit these over one side of a track, add the next track, and lock them together.  Suretrack clips are easy for kids to do themselves -- say kids ages 4+.  They let kids play independently without relying on parents to do the creating.  You need these.
599 Using Dickens' own novels and stories, the authors have taken the "words" of Dickens' characters and shown the life story of Dickens.  Superb!  The end papers include maps, large illustrations show Dickens' life, small illustrations give context and illustrate his books.  This is great for any family; it would make a very good teacher gift.  Enjoy!
600 This book works well with the picture book "The Magic School Bus Gets Eaten" or "MSB Food Chain Frenzy".  Best thing of all is the illustrations in this book -- they really convey the information.  My kids really "get" it from the visuals.
601 I debated getting the more expesive can rack at amazon... but it was twice as expensive, and since I needed two, I decided to go for the cheaper system.  Cheap is right.  It holds the cans, but the racks are flimsy.  The system isn't tall enough to really accomodate most tomato products cans, unless you remove the center shelf.  This works ok for standard Campbells soup cans and small cans (pineapple, tuna fish), but larger cans (Progresso soups, the large can of Bush's baked beans) are going to cause trouble.
602 This is a long version of the William Tell story, and it makes an excellent adventure for boys.  My little guys loved "William Tell" by Leonard Everett Fisher, and Mary and Conrad Buff make the story into a novel for boys.  Newbery Award winner from 1951 - hunting and fighting and praying and imprisonment and captivity and the brutality of arbitrary government.  Revolution against tyranny.  Great pencil sketch illustrations; some color illustrations.  Lovely book.  I'm guessing in 1951, it was Newbery-worthy and edgy to imagine a world of petty tyrants insisting people respect their authori-TAY.  Welcome to 2011.
603 Pretty good book.  My kids got this out of the library.  The first comment was "Naked People. Gross."  (second grader)  However, the sixth grader (ahem) spent quite a bit of time learning about the artists' lives.  Very nice color photographs of the artwork -- LARGE artwork.  Many selections for each artist.  The artists are: Giotto, Da Vinci, Durer, Michelangelo, Raphael, Titian, Hans Holbein, El Greco, Caravaggio, Gentileschi, Bernini, Velazquez, Rembrandt, De Goya, Jacques-Louis David, JMW Turner, Eugene Delacroix, Edouard Manet, Claude Monet  Great book -- get it for a teacher's classroom library or have it at home for home reference.  We also love these art overview books:  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Usborne-Book-of-Famous-Paintings/dp/0794525423/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Usborne Book of Famous Paintings</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Children-s-Book-of-Art/dp/0756655110/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Children's Book of Art</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Great-Paintings/dp/075668675X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Great Paintings</a>
604 Our family has been studying space.  I picked up the Magic School Bus pictorial books on space, as well as this chapter book.  The pictorial books really give a lot of information, and I thought it was unlikely that the chapter book would surpass them.  But this chapter book has Carlos (a child in the class) inventing a space rover called Rocko, designed to collect rocks.  There's plot all about Rocko, and there are space concepts in this book that are not in the comic-book format book.  So, a pleasant surprise, and great for the imagination!
605 This is a picture biography of Louis Bleriot, the inventor and pilot who was the first to fly across the English Channel.  Great illustrations.  This book is a pleasure to read out loud, and the illustrations have a quiet humor.  We love this book.
606 Some laugh out loud moments.  Everybody loves Feynman.
607 For me, this falls into edge-of-the-coffee-table viewing, it's that good.  We watch it all the time.  Kurt Russell brings the coach to life, and Al Michaels re-voices the broadcast.  The camera work is amazing.  Terrific movie.  Do you believe?
608 This is a very readable book about New World exploration.  I love the vocabulary words in text boxes on the pages, and there is a 5-page glossary.  !  Great timeline, index, and bibliography.  Match this up with Marc Aronson's superb "The World Made New."&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-World-Made-New-Why-the-Age-of-Exploration-Happened-and-How-It-Changed-the-World-Timelines-of-American-History/dp/0792264541/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The World Made New: Why the Age of Exploration Happened and How It Changed the World (Timelines of American History)</a>  The projects are very do-able, and kids get great results with -- and this is important! -- not much help from Mom.  The projects use regular stuff you already have at home -- rulers and yardsticks, tape, kitchen equipment, hole punches, clay, etc.  Good project on latitude and longitude which can have infinite variations to match your children's interests.  How about hanging up a map for a year, giving each kid a box of their own marked pushpins, and having them mark the map with the settings of the books they read in a year, plus write book reports detailing that latitude and longitude?  Warning to Moms: There is an oil-and-water project in the book.  This leaks.  I recommend you use a SMALL bottle (the tiny size water bottle), make the project, and dispose.  Keeping this in your child's closet is a mistake.  You're going to love this book.
609 This book is well-done, but Joan's story is depressing.  Diane Stanley does a great job with the illustrations, making them look like medieval tapestries.  Many times, it is difficult to tell which illustrated person is Joan (which does mimic the style of the times).  The author explains how Joan (and her followers) could possibly believe she had been visited by angels -- and believe in this enough to take action on it.  After the king was crowned, he granted Joan her only request: to exempt her hometown from taxes forever.  The illustration for the page where Joan is burned at the stake is mostly rooftops and crowds -- smoke from the chimney helps disguise the smoke from the stake.  Not too terrifying, Moms.
610 Incredible creativity in this science book -- I guarantee your kids will devour it, and learn more about coral reefs than you think they will.  Truly beautiful book.  This is a keeper.
611 This shelf paper is easy to use and its a huge roll. Perfect!
612 We grabbed a bunch of 'baseball books' from a display at the library, and I've been questioning the methods of the librarians on one or two of these.  This book has a baseball on its cover, true... but it's not really a baseball book.  This is a child-moves-to-new-area-and-doesn't-fit-in book.  It's a wordless picture book, which I love.  The boy helps move in some boxes, then he grabs his hat and glove and goes over to join the game.  And he chickens out.  So he goes to sit on a park bench with a bunch of old guys -- very cute.  And then he tries to fit in with the old guys!  That's well-drawn and adorable.  The old guys decide to do something about it and they start to play, and finally they get him to play ball with them.  And he knocks the ball right into orbit!  Piece of cake.  Next day, he's playing ball with the kids and the old guys are cheering in the stands.  It's a nice, heartwarming story, and well-drawn, but I'm not sure it's a baseball book.  It's more a book showing how a little encouragement from adults can give kids that boost of confidence they need.  Anyway, it's a great book, and it has a baseball on the cover!
613 This book uses a comic-book graphic format to tell the history of the transcontinental railroad.  Without getting too bogged down in politics or culture issues, it introduces you to some of the personalities and some of the obstacles faced in the construction of the railroad.  Presents the building of this railroad as an indisputable good thing.  Mini section of notes with good information.
614 Nice older edition: cloth covers, self bookmark.  Every time I read Jane Eyre, my punctuation shifts to colons.
615 This has the long straight pieces and the (switchless) switch tracks. Well worth the money.
616 This tripod arrived broken, with hardware jingling around inside the box, and no instructions.  ON the plus side, it came with a lens cleaning cloth.  Since the platform where the camera is supposed to attach was cracked on arrival, I had to return it.
617 Ordered this from Amazon prime video to give the boys an idea of what working on a tall ship would be like.  This ties into one of the kids' interest in the sinking of the whale ship Essex.
618 By showing what is happening (ongoing deficit spending and mind-blowing budget numbers), how we got here (big spending under Bush and Obama), what happened to the CLinton budget surplus? (it never existed), and three variations on what to do about it, David Wessel diagrams the current state of the budget mess, circa 2012 (before the election).  While informative on the current situation, this book offers no policy ideas for what to do.  If you want information about what is to be done, you need Stephen Moore's book "Who's the Fairest?"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Who-s-the-Fairest-of-Them-All-The-Truth-about-Opportunity-Taxes-and-Wealth-in-America/dp/1594036845/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Who's the Fairest of Them All? The Truth about Opportunity, Taxes, and Wealth in America</a>  This book and Moore's book make good bookends to discussions about the federal budget.  Wessel's book shows where we are and how we got here; Moore's book shows the way out.
619 This is a great arrangement for an intermediate student. Lovely introduction and a great sound.  An easier arrangement is the Schaum easy piano version. A harder arrangement is the Pamela Schultz popular music made easy.
620 Judging by the box, I was expecting this to be about a 6" high volcano. It is barely 3" high. However, it does erupt, again and again, as often as you like. It is easy to make (the children did it themselves), comes with dinky paints and a brush (we used our own paints) and delights the children.  We placed it on a jelly roll pan for the eruptions -- the pan prevents all the lava from running all about the table. We liked adding food coloring to our vinegar to make orange-ish lava, too. All this leaves a patina of lava-colored stains on your volcano -- excellent fun!
621 I don't know where to classify the accordion -- keyboard? wind? any music teachers out there want to chime in? -- but this book shows the keyboard family -- piano, harpsichord, organ, and electric keyboard.  We've just finished reports on Bach and Mozart, so it was cool to see a harpsichord.  I didn't know the strings in a harpsichord were plucked -- "like a sideways harp," said one of my kids.  Really good information -- cute musical instrument personas -- nice illustrations.
622 This shirt fits my son beautifully. It is long enough to cover a season of growth (good!)  Lovely colors - we got Caribbean blue.
623 My Star Wars fan laughs out loud when Jar Jar disguises himself as a Jedi.  This early reader book is perfect for first graders and up -- very entertaining for Star Wars fans.
624 DK books belong on your child's bookshelf.  No other publisher gives you the inside looks through photographs, diagrams, and illustrations that you get from DK Publishing.  Music is no exception.  Huge two-page spreads on the assembly of instruments, a look at how instruments evolved into their present form over the centuries, and extremely interesting iformation.  This book is excellent.  Enjoy!
625 I picked this book up because I'm curious why there are Basque restaurants in Boise.  So I learned about the history of Basque immigration to Idaho - very interesting.  The best chapter was on the ancient history of the Unconquerable Basques, their shipbuilding history, crazy communism, self sufficiency, land inheritance practices, and emigration.  Once in America, the story of the Basques mirrors the story of most immigrant groups who successfully assimilate.  First generation works impossibly hard, next generation becomes literate and entrepreneurial, third generation goes to college and gets professional degrees.  Enjoyable reading.
626 The good:  + this book benefits from an excellent introduction by Wendell W. Fertig. + the book emphasizes coordinated resistance between military/militia units and the civilian population + this is a good practical manual for civilian sabotage and roadblocks. + this outlines the structure of how civilians coordinate action while keeping op-sec. + when the technology is gone, this book's methods will continue to be useful  The bad: - This is a scanned reprint and difficult to read, though not impossible. - either the author is too protective of civilians, or he undervalues what civilians can accomplish - The list on page 135 of the enemy's goals with regard to educating the young is, sadly, almost complete  Great, great book.  It stays on my shelf. There may come a time when we need to implement some plans against our would-be leftist conquerors.  Von Dach knew how necessary it is to resist the communists.  Anything is better than being enslaved by the left.  For a fictionalized guerilla war story, set in America and applying Von Dach's approach, try "Indian Country" by Kurt Schlichter.
627 The schools don't work.  The kids go to school and they don't come home educated.  Something is wrong.  This book really shows it.  Concerned parents used to make a big splash and raise a fuss, and do all the things that "involved" parents always do.  But when the child comes home from school and the parent has to essentially teach them a whole day's material in order for the child to complete their homework, that's a tall order.  On top of everything else a family has going on in the afternoons after school, then the parents have to take the whole evening and re-teach the children.  The children aren't dumb.  Something is wrong in the schools.  So involved parents are doing the smartest thing -- they are starting to say, "Something is wrong.  Even if this situation at the school starts to change, it will be too late for my children."  Parents have to try something new.  Homeschool.  Unschool.  We can do this.  Another good book you should read, to learn about the ins and outs, is John Taylor Gatto&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dumbing-Us-Down-The-Hidden-Curriculum-of-Compulsory-Schooling-10th-Anniversary-Edition/dp/0865714487/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Schooling, 10th Anniversary Edition</a>.  Also Teach Your Own&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Teach-Your-Own-The-John-Holt-Book-Of-Homeschooling/dp/0738206946/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Teach Your Own: The John Holt Book Of Homeschooling</a>.
628 Wash this well.  Even after two washes, still getting a little color bleed.  Super cute HUGE dot.
629 Once you start to try to teach the huge expanse of distance and time that is the SIlk Roa, you need some help.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Silk-Route-7-000-Miles-of-History/dp/0064434680/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Silk Route: 7,000 Miles of History</a>&nbsp;John Major's "The Silk Route" is vital, and so is this book by Kathy Ceceri.  This book not only provides the history and a glimpse of the cultures, but also offers activities that your kids can do BY THEMSELVES.  This is important.  The activities include things like:  Make a Gordian Knot (leather laces work very well) Make a Paiza Passport (Sculpee clay is great, and paintable.) Make a Rihla travel journal -- actually a great project for any long family trip) Embroider a butterfly (directions are difficult to follow -- offer help) Make a felt rug (this works great) Evil Eye Glass Marble (we didn't try this) Recipe for spiced tea Make a Silk Road map (very cool) Experiment with fire at high altitude Experiment with salt to keep water from freezing Make a model yurt (great results) Recipe for Lagman noodles Game: shooting bones Make an abacus Make paper (needs adult help) and more  Clear text.  This is excellent work.  You need this book.
630 An informed public is the worst enemy of the violent, overwrought green movement (the Ecopaths, as another reviewer says it).  This book is objective, non-sensationalistic, and offers facts on the ground.  It presents the goals of America's energy revolution: 1) to manage environmental risks 2) to increase profitability 3) to make scientific progress  The fracking revolution is the most exciting and innovative applied science happening in America.  After decades of pursuing energy independence and a reduction of green house gas emissions, the frackers are delivering results.  Frackers are propelling environmental improvements that have been longed for, and despaired of, for years.  My kids are very interested in the history, processes, and biographies of fracking.  This book gives them that, plus an outline of the controversies and regulatory processes surrounding energy production.  America is ahead in the energy revolution because America leads the world in property rights and private enterprise.  The book presents these environmental concerns: 1) pad construction and operation 2) well bore development and maintenance 3) injection processes, effluent, and emergent 4) water sourcing, use, waste disposal, and treatment 5) atmospheric emissions during and after well bore 6) health effects on workers and local citizens  John Graves also explores the politics of fracking - very interesting - and shows how taxpayer funded subsidies distort the market.  This is the book I was looking for.  Appendix Two offers an I interesting theory on the potential that deep-earth methane is, perhaps, a renewable resource.  Good Index and notes section, very good list of sources.
631 The best thing about this book is the illustrations -- this book is packed with illustrations and maps and photographs, many from the author's personal collection.  Nearly every page has a giant illustration on it, making this a less-daunting resource for a student who is interested in the topic but reluctant to tackle such a history book.  The book weaves together the personal stories of survivors of the fire, which makes for interesting reading.  Many happy endings.  In the last chapter, Jim Murphy examines the inquiry into the fire, and how Mrs. O'Leary and the lower class citizens of Chicago came to take the blame for the fire.  He blames class prejudices, and says the real culprit was lousy emergency planning and building codes.  He shows the resulting ghettoization of poor people in cities nationwide, as the wealthy built even-more-exclusive enclaves of wealth and privilege in the desirable cultural and business areas of cities.  Worthwhile book, and the illustrations are sensational.  And the maps!  Wow!
632 This book for middle schoolers and up is worthwhile for the historical perspective it offers, as well as its high quality illustrations.  The author's commentary is printed in italics, with the narration of ex-slaves printed in regular font.  That became confusing, with multiple switches on one page - it is hard to determine who is "talking."  Occasionally, the quotes have little to do with the introductory paragraph - Julius Lester probably could have offered fewer comments and created a better book.  Powerful, moving information, told without drama or anger.  Very useful book.  Excellent illustrations.
633 Christopher Hitchens on Thomas Jefferson: what's not to like?  Jefferson is like a god to Hitchens.  In the atheistic pantheon, first comes Darwin, and Jefferson is a close runner-up.  The book should have been a slam-dunk.  However, instead of a witty and clever portrayal of an idolized character, Hitchens has created a totally unsympathetic, even unlikeable Jefferson.  I was prepared to fall for Jefferson.  I wanted to read a book written by a Jefferson admirer so I could really get a handle on the admirable qualities of the man.  Instead, the book shows a haughty, mirthless, self-pitying Jefferson, and a complete pretender to Enlightenment thinking.  In no way was the Enlightenment intended to sponsor radicalism (France), murder (freed slaves), and genocide (Haiti), as Jefferson did.  Nor does  Enlightenment thinking lend itself to a "power to the people UNLESS they start disagreeing with their betters" mindset.  Yet _that_ is the Jefferson of this book.  Hitchens is also way, WAY too impressed with the magic of Jefferson's forbidden cross-racial love affair.  How is that relevant to a book about Jefferson as the Author of America?  The Hemings affair got a silly amount of coverage in such a short book.  I would have preferred a fawning tribute to the man, rather than this somewhat scummy biography.  Jefferson, as described in this book, is about as likeable as Al Gore.  I wouldn't recommend it.  I read it to fill out my knowledge of Jefferson, and I guess I got a little.  I wish Brookhiser would do a Jefferson biography.  (wistful sigh)
634 This biography is an extra-large format that makes for compelling browsing.  The heavy pages and pull-out information make this book a treasure to dive into and research for your child (or any age person.)  The books sets Einstein into the history of his times and the history and scope of scientific knowledge.  You will LOVE it -- it is a very high quality book that is beautiful for gift-giving.  Why not give one to a middle-grades teacher for the classroom?
635 Trickster tales are a worldwide phenomenon, and this book brings together some very enjoyable ones.  20 stories, excellent illustrations.  Each story is about 4 pages long.  The large size of this book makes it a pleasure to read out loud, and the stories are so well told and funny that your entire family will enjoy them.
636 1991.  It is imperative that Newbery Award Winners attack White males, so this book does.  Rural adult white males in this book are:  1) distant 2) remote 3) disapproving 4) terrifying  Rural white society in this book is closed, secretive, and often violent.  Rural white families are terrified of the fathers.  We see this in the protagonist Marty's family, and in the antagonist Judd's family.  Good dog in this book.  The author displays antipathy to fathers, men in general, and rural people.  There is a LOT of cursing in this book.  Dammit, God, Jesus, and even using Jesus's name to curse a friend if he discloses a secret.  Yikes.  What are boys supposed to grow up to be?  Who are girls supposed to grow up to marry?  The books you give your children come with your unspoken sanction.  Think before you Newbery -- the Newbery people are notoriously anti-family.
637 Best part of this book: the way the projects spell out how far in advance you need to start (rough minimum: 8 weeks).  Thank you!  When dear old Mom says it, it doesn't get the same results as when the BOOK says it.  Very good tips for setting up displays and writing up the project, plus how to behave at the science fair.  But these projects work for a general family fun environment, too --even without the goal of competing in a science fair, these ideas let your kids explore.  Fun for summer learning, and for homeschoolers.  Some of the projects are familiar and seem like they have been done often... but that's ok.  They are projects that demonstrate important ideas and concepts, like photosynthesis and surface tension and air pressure.  And then some of the ideas are quite creative, and different from what everybody else is showing at the science fair.
638 We are huge Paul Galdone fans, because his illustrations are so immediate.  If you have read his "Three Billy Goats Gruff", you know what I mean - he puts you so close inside the story, and it makes a big impression on small children.  In addition to Galdone's clean style, this book has even more charm: the unusual shape of the book.  It is a tall, narrow book, which emphasizes that in these three stories, something is always out of reach.  The stories are: 1) The Fox and the Grapes 2) The Fox and the Stork 3) The Fox and the Crow  I hope your family loves this book as much as we do!
639 Tom Angleberger gets the relationships of boys-not-yet-men exactly right.  The self-consciousness, the silliness, the high-strung emotions, the intense wanting to be grown-up, the embarrassment, the awkwardness, how hard it is to avoid taking the easy way out, and how loyalty to your friends is the right thing.  This is a book about friendship and loyalty, with a great plot about "will he ask the girl to dance?"  And a surprising finger puppet who knows all the answers.  Great on plot and characterization -- marvelous side doodles and illustrations that go with the case file.  Directions for making Origami Yoda at home.  Now the bad news.  Fart-face.  Scared the bejeezus out of me.  Crap.  You're an idiot.  I'm an idiot.  You're a moron.  You're a jerk.  You're stupid.  He's a loser.  You're a loser.  You're so stupid.  I'm a loser.  You weirdo.  Bejeezus.  My family of boys ranges in age all the way down to kindergarten.  What big brother reads, little brother repeats.  Do I want to sanction these words?  Three stars.  Update -- try "The Qwikpick Adventure Society" by Sam Riddleburger.  Funny book, similar journaling style, more wholesome (although it features poop as the main part of the adventure.)  Update -- The follow on book, "Darth Paper," is almost entirely free of the objectionable language in this book.  Well done, Mr. Angleberger!
640 Yes, the book is fun to read, but it is essentially useless for teaching the Bible stories to kids.  They have to already KNOW the stories in order to interpret the hip, irreverent language.  Good grief.
641 What a boring book.  What a a boring life.  It's just hate and blame: hate private property, hate profits, hate industry, hate the government, hate hate hate.  And blame private property, blame profits, blame industry, blame government, blame, blame, blame.  Mike Roselle shows no growth at all.  This book is a tongue bath for the most self absorbed person I have ever read about. This is worse than that SDS retrospective.  Just awful. Roselle achieves a cult-leader level of self-aggrandizement and self-regard.  Attention seeking.  Acting out.  Vandalism.  Pettiness.  Destruction.  Grow up.
642 This picture storybook tells abou the discovery of the Mildenhall Treasure in a cloak-and-dagger tale of betrayal and disloyalty.  Extremely interesting book, told in Roald Dahl's amazing vocabulary, and sure to captivate your kids.  For kids interested in human antiquities, try these:  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Secret-Cave-Discovering-Lascaux/dp/0374366942/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Secret Cave: Discovering Lascaux</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Seeker-of-Knowledge-The-Man-Who-Deciphered-Egyptian-Hieroglyphs/dp/0618333452/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Seeker of Knowledge: The Man Who Deciphered Egyptian Hieroglyphs</a>  **update -- we found an art project to make a weathered-looking silver project.  Try Donna Hugh's Art Lessons, Vol 2 -- foil art.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Easy-Art-Projects-Art-Lessons-for-Children-Vol-2-VHS/dp/1931021015/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Easy Art Projects (Art Lessons for Children, Vol. 2) [VHS</a>]  See our photos in Customer Images.  We also made valentines this way.
643 Mom and Dad agree with every complaint, and gently gently their little one falls asleep.  This is very nice bedtime reading, and also good for a warm snuggle on the sofa with someone special.  Grandpas really like this book.
644 I'm an illustration fanatic, and this book offers intricate details and a rich creativity that captivates the readers.  The cover, featuring city portals and a causeway lined with sphinxes under a crescent moon, sets the tone for the entire book.  The inner cover offers the Ten Commandments printed on the Ark of the Covenant.  Illustrates the book of Exodus from Baby Moses in the rushes, to his fleeing Egypt with a price on his head, to the burning bush (sensational illustration), the return to Egypt, the 10 plagues (well-done and not too gruesome), the lamb's blood on the doorposts, the Hebrews leaving Egypt, the pillar of cloud, the pillar of fire, the parting of the Red Sea, manna, quail, water fro the rock, the fiery mountantop,the golden calf, the ten commandments (again, an exciting interpretation of God), the death of Moses, and the entry into the Promised Land.  Could not have been done better.  Majestic.  Only thing missing is the snake on the stick.
645 This thing GOES.  We get our best results from a determined onslaught to bend the ring DOWN on both sides, like a taco.  Hold it in place for a minute, and then the ring gets great lift and is easier to aim.  The bent position lasts for hundreds of throws and catches and grass landings -- we just bend it that way once and then play with it for the day.  This is great to keep in the car.  For my littlest son, we stand close together and just play catch back and forth -- he likes to catch it by popping his fist through the ring as it gets close.  For bigger kids, they have plenty of time to run into position for cathcing the disk -- this thing floats for a long time.  Watch out for trees.  And I guarantee you it will sail out of a normal suburban yard, so watch for cars, too.
646 I hung one of these in the laundry room and one in the pantry -  good for dustpan, broom, mop, and feather duster. They hold the green swiffer floor dusting mop.  They will NOT hold the purple swiffer wet mop with the fluid cartridge on the handle. That fluid canister drags the mop down. This holder cant manage that much weight.
647 The reading age on this book is, I'd say, 10 and up.  It is still interesting to me, as an adult.  It is literary and well-written, unusual and welcome attributes for children's books.  There is no bad language, no crudity, no violence.  And yet, there is wonderful suspense and the need for two children, siblings, to behave cleverly and heroically.  This is well-written fiction for kids.  Nice.
648 This is great -- the science of volcanoes is explained, with wonderful graphics and a very straightforward text.  The words are hard but not too hard.  The subject matter can be scary for little ones, but this book makes volcanoes plain and simple.  And INTERESTING.  My little first-grade scientist has read this many times.
649 Even for a beginner, it's better to buy a high quality sketch pad to get them started. No use buying a cheap sketch pad with smeary pages and frustrating a new learner.
650 Don't get me wrong.  The characters and the readability of this book are quite good.  Getting the silverback gorilla to shake off his torpor and depression and rescue the baby elephant was great.  Of course, he did it through talk therapy and art.  (Another example of the Oprah-ization of America?)  But no matter how unmanly and mawkish his conversion to a MALE character was, at the end of the story, he did become a male character.  Protective, strong, determined, creative, and dignified.  MALE.  I applaud that.  Still, if the plot line of being captured from Africa, having a sister who died in captivity, and becoming a strong, respected MALE character is appealing to you and your kids, try something really good.  Try Amos Fortune.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Amos-Fortune-Free-Man-Newbery-Library-Puffin/dp/0140341587/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Amos Fortune, Free Man (Newbery Library, Puffin)</a>&nbsp;Amos Fortune is even uplifting.  And if the plot line of captive animals shaking off their oppressors appeals to you, try something really good.  Try Flawed Dogs.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Flawed-Dogs-The-Novel-The-Shocking-Raid-on-Westminster/dp/0399252185/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Flawed Dogs: The Novel: The Shocking Raid on Westminster</a>&nbsp;Flawed Dogs is even funny.  Parent note: this book is down on humans, even though humans are the rescuers of the story.  The book features human drunkenness, the whipping of captive animals by humans, and conflates humans with apes... "just another ape."  In the book, the zookeeper Mack is inhumane, and humans are portrayed as soulless killers indifferent to joy and purpose.
651 Good step by step format, good foundations for each lesson.  This is laid out for a year's worth of lessons.  We go much more quickly - several lessons a week over the course of a month or two to complete the unit.
652 The green is a good color - dark and varied enough to hide dirt and bright enough to look cheerful. It is on the floor by our back door and gets a LOT of wear.
653 Whoa, this is a great fictionalized account of a real person, based on notes, records, and memoirs left behind by other people -- Thomas Savage did not keep a diary or leave behind a record of his life.  Like everything Jean Fritz writes, this book is entertaining.  This is a step away from the biographies that are her usual specialty, in that the historical record leaves a lot of gaps where Thomas Savage is concerned.  But the character she presents in this story is believable and likable -- an Englishman adopted by Powhatan and serving as an interpreter for decades.  Having said all that...  I'm a mom with a family of boys, and some kids can handle the sudden violent details presented in this book.  But some kids can't.  Your child will read about the the torture and death of Jamestown colony's second president, John Ratcliffe, who was tied to a tree and had every appendage sawed off with sharpened seashells, then was further tortured by being flayed alive.  There are other instances of Indian attacks and massacres on the colonists, filling in context for your children on why the settlers felt such widespread fear of the Indians.  This book also presents the colonists' predations on the Indians.  Parents know what is best for their own kids.  If this book isn't quite right for you, try "James Towne: Struggle for Survival" by Marcia Sewall.
654 We are long-time fans of the Encyclopedia Brown series by Donald J. Sobol.  My kids have read and re-read those books -- that set always comes on long car trips with us.  The books are entertaining, and the "crimes" are never very dangerous or threatening.  "Two Minute Mysteries" have plots that involve more death (lots more death, often in the form of suicide and murder).  BUT, the formula for solving the mysteries is familiar to fans of the Encyclopedia Brown books: usually, the guilty characters say too much.  The clues given always lead to the solution.  This book is a good stepping stone to the Agatha Christie mysteries -- teens love those.
655 We have the 1992 edition with a SLIGHTLY different title.  This book has a good index.  It shows seismographs, which are very interesting to me.  It shows the maximum height of a P wave.  It has a model of an earthquake starting.  It has a page showing earthquake magnitudes from I to XII.  Most books don't show you that.  I'm a kid with an interest in geology.
656 We like to use kosher salt as a finisher on oven potatoes or salty baked goods -- kosher salt stays whole and doesn't dissolve into the food, so it looks great.  Tastes great, too.  I have used this brand for many years -- I did not appreciate it unti lI could not get it in the store anymore.  Diamond's top closure system seals tightly and does not let any moisture in -- or any salt out!  Highly recommend.
657 This comes with two battery packs, a charger, and a lightweight fabric case.  Excellent drill-driver with light.  Goes practically forever on one charge.  Recommended.
658 This book can teach you in an hour what would take all year to absorb from the history books.  The book is done in graphic format (comic book) and the information flows very well.  Characters are easy to discern, and nice portraiture introduces new generals and battlefield heroes.  Each book in this series starts with a four-page overview (including maps), showcases the battle for 36 pages, then concludes with two-page wrap-up, glossary, and index.  Well done.  "Gamble For Victory" does a great job with the many different battle sites at Gettysburg, including maps.  Sensitive to the loss of life on both sides.  Includes quotes (!).  This book is great for any interested reader - not just for kids, as the comic book format would lead you to believe.  Some vocabulary includes: running scared, counteroffensive, skirmishing, bombarded, salient, artillery, route march...  I highly recommend this series of books.
659 What a charmer!  A little raunchy, very funny, and wonderful illustrations -- this is a great book for grown ups.  Enjoy!
660 This book includes battles in the west!  That is so unusual for American History books.  Usually it's Revolutionary War, War of 1812, Civil War, WW 1, WW 2, but this book remembers the Alamo, San Jacinto, and Little Big Horn.  It's a good surprise to have a book that understands that the Mississippi River is the 1/3 divider from East to West across America, and plenty of history happened on the western side of it.  The images used in this book, apart from the portraits, are too tiny.  And the maps are too tiny.  There are good biographies accompanying each battle.  This gets kids going.  Very well done.  A few typos and misspellings.
661 This outstanding story of the boy outsmarting the king and the devil is superbly told and illustrated.  This is a fairy tale for the ages, and the illustrations are perfect.  Perfect.
662 These stories have never been illustrated better. So impressive. Each story is approximately 30 pages. You get:  The Black Cat The Masque of the Red Death Hop-Frog The Fall of the House of Usher  This book gets it done. This is why we need a sixth star.
663 Neither was this written to entertain you. Nor to intrigue you.  This book was written to impress upon you that Mark Kurlansky is SO EXCELLENT, that even the super-secretive BASQUES talk to him.  Oh, my.  This book is a collection of anecdotes and some recipes, and a couple hundred pages of unreadable far-left fascism vs. far-left communism vs. Vichy France-ism vs. Nazis.  And the Basques.  Love big-terrorism?  Go Basques! Big deal.  I had read a semi-interesting novel by Katherine Neville called "The Fire" which indulged in quite a bit of Basque hearth-worshipping backstory.  I thought this book would be interesting, too.  I was wrong.
664 My son's review:  This book has a surprising beginning: instant warfare.  It's an exciting book with good characters.  I liked the details of the gassing of civilians and the way Erik Cain met his wife: those were good ways to set up the rest of the series.  The battles were good.  The good guys had not one, but two tactical geniuses on their side.  Books two and three lived up to the promise of this book.  Looking forward to book four.
665 This book has snort-laugh funny illustrations.  The teeth on the smiling emperor kill me every time.  Any book Mommy enjoys this much is sure to be a big hit with the little ones.  The text is easy to read, with rhymes (which I love).  Sometimes the meter is a little forced, but if you want sonnets, buy Shakespeare.  And how about this great idea: some words are printed LARGE so you know to emphasize them when you read aloud.  This way, Gramma reads them the same as Mommy.  Good thinking.  And the teeth reflected in that mirror -- oh, that just slays me every time.  What a hoot!  Get this one.
666 I loved this series when I was a teen.  This nice boxed set is perfect as a Christmas gift for my own son.
667 Hansel and Gretel *is* a scary story, but James Marshall ("Miss Nelson is Missing!") illustrates it marvellously.  At first I thought the illustrations were going to be too clownish and cartoony, but there is a lot going on in every illustration.  The forest is dark, the candy house is irresistable, and the witch is not nearly as scary as the mother. (!)  Kids are resilient and good at solving problems in their own ways.  That goes for Gretel -- this book shows her trusting her instincts.  And for Hansel -- he figures out how to track his way back through the woods.  Of course, you can't always plan for those unintended consequences.  Very well done fairy tale.  Much longer than our other James Marshall fairy tales.  We like it very well.
668 This is a non-fiction book that is exceptionally well illustrated.  It tells about the origins of dragon mythology and how dragons are perceived around the world.  One of my boys is going through a dragon craze, and even though the text is a little young for him, the illustrations are gorgeous, and the book is fun to read.  He has been trying his hand at drawing some dragons - this book has such stylish illustrations that he is trying for a similar look.
669 This well-researched book offers illustrations (often in the form of published political cartoons) and photographs on every page.  Suitable for mature kids in upper grades or high school, and interesting reading even for grown ups.  The books covers the KKK from its founding to the present.  First-person accounts of attacks on blacks, their white helpers and teachers, and Republican politicians - beatings, whippings, lynchings, and terror.  (Parents of younger students should pre-read because of the violence of the content). Always the cowardice of masked faces and disguised voices.  The author includes the justifications and rationalizations behind the KKK, why and how they excused their actions, but does not SIDE with these violent attacks on republicans and blacks.  Fair treatment.  The author's notes at the back are gripping, because she visited a KKK country camp - don't skip those pages.  This book ties in well to "The Bloody Shirt: Terror after the Civil War" by Stephen Budiansky.  I added a book to my wish list: "Logic and Contemporary Rhetoric" by Nancy Cavender.
670 Full of in depth technical information and 64 color pages.  Covers geographical distribution, classification, physical properties, chemical properties, crystal classifications, descriptions
671 This book is entirely readable.  As a Mom raising a family in the desert southwest, I am thrilled to have this book and I wish more books of similar articles had been published.  The articles and essays collected here help to round out our hikes and explorations by telling about the anthropological history of New Mexico.  This book is worth owning.
672 This set is right in that fun/play sweet spot for LEGOs. The price is right (we got it for fifteenbucks at a major retailer rhyming with bar-jet) for Christmas or birthdays, but there is a ton of play value.  Easy to build, fun to play with. The price is right.  Three minifigs, a stretcher, a bike.  They'll love to play with it.
673 My son rates this a three-star book because there was not much suspense, and too much emotion.  Fun fact: Ospreys are rare birds.  Seems like we saw a bunch of them in Oregon, so who knew? Most memorable scene: the girl dies Best character: none
674 Nice big blocks, good planning areas, a permanent calendar for birthdates, etc.  Sturdy.  I carry mine everywhere in my tote and plan for the entire family.  The cover is indestructible.  Recommend.
675 Get this one.  Sure beats Peter Lourie's "On the Trail of Sacagawea"  Enough text to be challenging -- good for an elementary-age book report.  Great for ideas for diorama building -- the illustrations and photos are first-rate.  Small inset boxes give detailed information and add a lot to the book.  This is the best early book for putting all the Native American tribes into context -- in fact, it is the only book we found that mentions every group of Native Americans and describes Clark's interviews with them.  Super work.
676 DK Eyewitness books belong on your child's bookshelf.  They explain and synthesize the subject matter and provide startlingly beautiful photographs and images.  This book is no exception.  This was the basis for our family summer homeschool unit on Egypt.  All ages can find interesting information inside.  Well-written text, very descriptive captions, and wide-ranging information.  And the images!  Beautiful.  Lead your children to a deeper understanding of the culture, beliefs, and technology of Ancient Egypt.
677 Human nature does not change.  The story's writing is gorgeous and captures any person's imagination.  Treat your family to this classic.  We read it aloud.  I love the design of this particular version of the book - one slim volume, and the simple cover - two doors, four eyes.  That says it all.
678 I picked this up at a library book sale for spring break diversion.  It worked.  The pieces are surprisingly hard to find, and connecting the implements with their uses in the Spooky Manor is interesting and fun.  The first rounds through the game were very time-consumig, but now the kids have figured it out and whiz through it in no time.  It would be good if there were "beginner" and "advanced" levels with different challenges.  But still, I got it for a buck and we got more than our money's worth.
679 The murders and plot twists were good, but I don't like the pretend eyewitness fiction that Superintendent Battle engages in.  Weird coupling at the end.  Not my favorite book.
680 Tells the true story of the street performer who walked a high wire between the Twin Towers in 1974 - tells it well, and with playful illustrations, and tells it with giant fold-out pages that show the space betweeen the buildings, as well as Phillipe Petit's height above the ground.  Shows the space now, where the Twin Towers ought to be.  Build them back.
681 ... but the last 850 pieces of this puzzle were a complete pain.  It was hard for the kids to do this puzzle together (always my goal) because success depended on holding the box and scrutinizing almost every single piece.  SO that's a one-at-a-time endeavor.  My first grader was the most persistent -- he really worked on this.  For DAYS and DAYS.  All of us bigger people in the family would kind of drift through and work a couple of pieces, but it was a very frustrating puzzle.  I posted photos of our s-l-o-w progress in Customer Images.
682 I get that it's funny/shocking for kids and I love all the illustrators.  But the manners pointers are so rude.  Is this necessary?  AT THE THEATER: Please don't pick your nose and leave the boogers under the seat.  That spot is saved for old chewed gum wads only.  Yummy! Yummy! AT THE POOL: We don't swim in your toilet, so please don't pee in our pool. DON'T PICK IN PUBLIC:  The whole page.  Beautiful illustrations... but so gross. ON THE BUS: Say excuse me when you make a smell.  We prefer these manners books:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Manners/dp/0688045790/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Manners</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Oops-Excuse-Me-Please-And-Other-Mannerly-Tales/dp/0764150839/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Oops! Excuse Me! Please!: And Other Mannerly Tales</a>, among others.
683 Historical information, piece movements, typical game play, rules, strategy. Couldn't b e better
684 Too tight on the big toe.
685 The old-fashioned illustrations are perfect for this patriotic book about the birth of liberty in America.  The characters of the American Revolution come to life: Patrick Henry speaks, George Washington leads; Thomas Jefferson writes; John Adams instructs; Benjamin Franklin teases; John Hancock signs.  Across America, townsmen and frontier settlers and slave holders and free men hear the news about liberty and react to it.  We love this book.  Even the youngest listeners will get a true taste for the beauty of hard-fought liberty.  We also enjoy Red, White, and Boom by Lee Wardlaw and Huy Voun Lee.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Red-White-and-Boom/dp/0805090657/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Red, White, and Boom!</a>
686 Good translation.  Giving my brain a workout.  Hitler and Bernie Sanders have arguments that are almost indistinguishable from one another.  Hitler and Elizabeth Warren agree on almost every point.  Remember, power first.  Power through irrational violence.  Then up steps the reasonable one, the leader who can settle down the violent mob.  Then attack the outsiders.  Then reward your allies.  Then kill your allies.  It's the way of the left.
687 Another football book that had me in tears.  See also Terry Pluto&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Things-I-ve-Learned-from-Watching-the-Browns/dp/1598510657/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Things I've Learned from Watching the Browns</a>.  It isn't the football so much in this one, although Tony Dungy displays a ton of heart.  It is the leadership lessons and the family commitment that pluck at the heartstings in this book.  Dungy presents leadership lessons he learned from his father, various team chaplains and head coaches, and the Bible.  There was a powerful section in the book on venting off steam and letting loose at a referee -- Dungy's father asked him if it made things better?  Another great lesson came from the book of Nehemiah.  Opportunities come in God's time, not our time.  Prepare your heart so you are ready when God's time arrives.  Adversity will come from outside and from inside.  Be prepared.  The adoption stories in the book will grab you.  And the parenting and spiritual lessons around the death of their son, Jamie.  Thank you, Coach Dungy, for writing a memorable book that was exactly what I needed to read.  It's perfect for young men making decisions that will impact their lives twenty years down the road.
688 These do a great job holding the quilt binding to the edges.  I bought a pack of these ten years ago, and over time, a few have lost their springiness and a few have been lost. It was time to buy another pack.  Same good quality.  These are great because you remove them with a "pop" - no pinpricks through thick  material.
689 The nicest thing about introverted childrenis the way they notice other people and quietly reach out to them, making connections one-to-one.  This book illustrates that nicely.  Wordless book, easy to follow and understand.  We liked it.
690 My family of boys loves fact books.  This is a good one.  Other national geographic "weird juncture" fact books have random facts throughout. These facts are ORGANISED.  25 facts about a topic, 100 facts about a topic.  Very fun!
691 The illustrations in this book are stylish and imaginative, and they are appealing to older children (even the ones who are "too old" for fairy tales.  The somber colors and the use of facial expressions will catch your eye - these illustrations are out of the ordinary.  They set the mood for Once Upon a Time.  The story ends with joy and forgiveness.
692 This interactive book will hold your child spellbond, at practically any age.  Even works for grampas!  This was given to an upper-grades child as a present.  Good historical information, and the book explores lots of possible future robotics advances.  Extra-large format and heavy, durable pages include lifting flaps and dials to turn, plus pull-out information.
693 This book is a little smaller than most early readers, but my kids love it.  Most of the photos are dramatic two-page spreads, and the words are not very difficult.  My kids have read it again and again, and I like that they are practicing some complicated meteorological words.
694 Fun for kids to read about the bad guys -- level 3 is just about right.  My son says this is great.
695 I remember this one only vaguely from childhood.  But when a friend loaned it to us recently, I had to buy our own copy.  There are three stories inside: Yertle the Turtle -- be considerate (something about Gertie's tail feather) -- be content The Big Brag -- be humble  (sorry I can't remember the name of the second one -- the book is tucked away in the slumbering bedroom and I am NOT going in there to check it)  The morals of the stories are accessible at the kindergarten level -- and nice reminders for adults too.  The rhyming and meter, as always with Dr. Seuss, are great.  Just perfect for reading out loud.  Easy for the kids to memorize the lines, too.  This one deserves a spot next to Green Eggs and Ham and all the rest.
696 Gennady Spirin does it again!  This book gives you the story of the Tempest, especially the romance.  Awesome illustrations match up with an enjoyable text.  I like this book better than I like "The Tempest" as a play.
697 This is one is for grown-ups.  It's a quick read; it does not get bogged down.  However, there is so much material (and well told!) that most of the book is "the good part" -- much to my family's annoyance.  At the beginning of the book, Nathaniel Philbrick seems to be going to work on a theory that the Battle of Little Bighorn was a last stand for Custer, but it was also a last stand for the Cheyenne and Lakota peoples.  I don't think that was developed.  This book describes a US Cavalry culture of grandstanding and rivalries and "ask for forgiveness, not permission."  It pulls in a lot of context, expecially from Custer's victory at the Washita a decade prior to Little Bighorn.  Showing how that battle shaped Custer's expectations was one of the strengths of this book.  Nobody involved in the battle were angels; this book takes a look at the personalities and decisions and attempts to show the web of interconnected assumptions and miscommunications.  Three sections of photographs and pictures.  All were heroes, all were villains.  Good maps for every chapter.  Readable.  It does discuss unsavory things like how the wounded soldiers were tortured to death and the bodies of the dead were mutilated.  However, this is a fairly tame treatment and the abuse is not relished or celebrated.  *** I visited the battlefield this summer, and posted a few photos.  This was great to read before the trip. ***
698 This book helps your child see the connectedness of art styles, and how different generations of artists draw from different trends to convey emotion and meaning.  Visual, visual, visual.  We love that.  Don't just tell us, SHOW us.  Show us different portrait styles.  Show us different ways of doing landscapes.  Show us how an artist's techniques changed over time.  Show us how different artists used a similar material (marble, or oil pastels, etc.)  Show us a nighttime sky through the eyes of 5 different artists.  This is a comprehensive overview, and it is VERY well done.  (Fans of DK books will note some overlap in this book from the books dedicated to specific artists; we're fine with that.)  This book lays out how styles develop, and what the artists responded to, and shows timelines for context.  Excellent.
699 This is a terrific lamp on my bookshelf. 40 watt maximum bulb. The shade is fabric and the materials are high quality. The switch is on the cord. The look is modern and sleek.
700 I'm a read-aloud mom with a family of boys.  Imagine when your early reader crows with pride that he read this whole book BY HIMSELF!  Oh, yes.  Well done story and illustrations -- it is very easy to follow the storyline through these pages.
701 Basically, this isn't the book for ANCIENT West Africa kingdoms. This book spans the Muslim and European contact period of west Africa, roughly 700 AD to 1600 AD.  The book does talk about trading networks. The maps are good, but the beginning of the book has photos and captions that are unrelated to the text.  The book does a good job on the way of life of people in West Africa. Many photos are more recent (1990's and later), showing how life outside the cities is largely still unmechanized and unchanged since the Iron Age.
702 Keeps my teenaged son looking sharp.  These pants are easy to care for and look great.
703 I think this shirt is great quality.  I really wanted a brighter pink - this is a very, very light pastel that comes off as white.
704 This turns out to be very fun.  A self-contained system for the hex bugs to run around in -- made from heavy-duty plastic, and when closed, there is a carrying handle.  It's big -- about 18" long, and two stories for the hex bugs to play around on.  It does have ports to connect with other bridging pieces in your collection -- a nice bonus.  Comes with one hex bug and a more than a dozen obstacles for your hex bug to bump into -- spirals, walls, and pegs get them going in unpredictable directions.  When you tell Grandma and Grandpa that the child wants "robotic bugs" for Christmas, they just look at you weird.  But Hex bugs are very cool and fun to watch.  This toy lets your child interact with them to make an interesting environment.  Watch what happens.
705 This book starts out DRY, but hang in there, because there are a few helpful sections.  The demographic information about Elizabethan England is difficult to read through, and there are some puzzling statistics.  Out of a population of 3,000,000 people, Singman tells us that "well under 1%" of the population were lords, knights, and esquires, and another 1% were simple gentlemen.  60,000 is a very large number for the gentry population -- I question that number, even if we should be "well under" that total.  Table 2.1 shows the number of lords, knights, and esquires at about 500 people, and simple gentlemen at 16,000 people.  Those number don't mesh.  Where the book becomes valuable is when you to chapter 4 and beyond.  The calendar, as presented in Chapter 4, is enormously helpful on the British celebrations -- useful for people who read British detective novels or any type of historical fiction.  I'm a fan of Jane Austen -- that calendar is good for later eras.  The book includes clothing patterns for making a smock, a bodice, a sleeve, a roll, a petticoat, a doublet, and breeches.  YOu can also make a coif, a flat cap, and a cassock.  The information about entertainment and games was intersting.  If you are teaching Shaekespeare to a group of children, this book can bring some context and liveliness to your lessons.
706 I'm a read-aloud mom with a family of boys.  Who LOVE to hear about the places I've worked:  The city dump The genealogical museum Typing in Russian Waitress Interpreter Epoxy floor factory Orthopedic bracing factory Hazardous waste disposal Fortune 10 company Slaughterhouse  There's no one right answer.  Be yourself and follow where that leads.  This book follows where it leads.  Excellent for read-aloud.
707 I'm an adult, a mom with a family of adorable boys, and somehow I got hooked on Spaceheadz 1... all those commercial slogans.  And I read every word of Spaceheadz 2, laughing all the way.  And I just snatched up Spaceheadz 3 *BEFORE* my adorable children got a turn, and I spent a couple of hours Friday night after they went to bed gobbling it down.  Spaceheadz 3 is NEW AND IMPROVED, STAYS CRUNCHY ALL DAY fun.  No bad language, more plot than Spaceheadz 1, for sure.  I'm starting to really like Spaceheadz.  This book hooked me again!  I want Spaceheadz 4.  ps -- Note to publisher: this is printed with some seriously stinky ink -- the book smells bad.  I was getting a headache from the fumes.
708 This charming, entertaining book is great for all of us who will never write a screenplay, but who love a good movie. Great tips on organizing, too.  This book is a keeper.  The cover is yucky, made of some plasticky material that feels sticky.
709 High temperature.  Works well.  Nice trigger.
710 Rosalyn Schanzer has a style that is immediately recognizable and impeccably researched.  Her illustrations are so good, you may miss the fact that this is an impressive history book in its own right.  She presents George Washington and King George III as perfect foils, balanced in personalities and looks and interests.  Full of pictorial representations for how things looked -- uniforms and weapons; battle scenes and ballrooms.  Plus, Schanzer's illustrations "speak."  My kids LOVE this book.  We have learned a ton from Rosalyn Schanzer's work -- "How we Crossed the West (Lewis and Clark)" and "Gold Fever (California Gold Rush)" and "John Smith Escapes Again (Pocahontas and more!)" and "How Ben Franklin Stole the Lightning" have built information into my little learners -- information that we have turned into book reports and field trips and projects.  Thank you, Rosalyn Schanzer.  ps -- Now, could you do it again?  I need a good one on the Negro Leagues in baseball (hint hint).
711 Here were some guesses from my family:  a frozen cave man? an alien? Jack Frost? Ole Man Winter? Johnny Appleseed? Rip Van Winkle? The Headless Horseman! (crescendo of laughter)  This is a great family read-aloud.  Enjoy it together!
712 This book was glorious.  It presented the invasion vividly.  The Allied forces sure kicked Rommel's butt, and although the American forces had many casualties, the Germans were defeated.  After the Allies liberated France, people revealed hidden Tri-Color French flags.  I was interested to learn about the problem of French hedgerows and how an American sargent (Curtis Cullin) improvised a brush-cutter out of the beach barricades in order to leave the tanks less vulnerable as they crossed the fields.  Thank you Curtis!  The book also talked about a German tank commander named Michael Wittmann and his Tiger tank.  This was a powerful weapon that destroyed a group of Shermans very quickly and then took out part of a convoy.  The allies finished him off by using British Fireflies (a British type of tank) that sent a disabling shot into the tank.  Michael Wittman and his crew escaped.  There was good tank action in this book.  It feels like you're stuck in the middle of battle, but you're safe.  But you're watching in horror.  The drawings of the Avro Lancasters were really great.  That's my favorite British plane.  The air war made the difference in the invasion's success.  If it weren't for the RAF and the Allied air forces, the invasion might not have succeeded.  I'm eleven years old, and this is a really good book.  I learned a lot.  This book had really good maps, and it was in color.  That helped me a lot.  The blood was not too bloody -- just scribbles.  Parent note: my son says blood and guts included.
713 This is a set of the filters for keeping produce fresh in the OXO containers.  Good price and availability on amazon
714 Sylvia Long does a beuatiful job with Thumbelina - this is a long version of the fairy tale, with lots of details, and the three creatures that want to marry Thumbelina: the toad, the beetle, and the mole.  The illustrations are superb - some of them switch to vertical, making this an even more captivating book.  One giant fold-out page of the wedding of Thumbelina and her fairy prince.
715 This is a funny little book about vanity and ego, and the illustrations are top-notch.  Check out the juggler.  From page to page, his juggling gets more and more absurd. +an axe, a sword, a statuette +three chef's knives +a drumstick, a mop, a tankard, a lit candle, a parchment +an ice cream cone, a ca, a pitchfork +a hamburger, a chicken, a sock monkey +a bowling pin, ketchup, a portrait of the king, a snorkel +the axe, the sword, a cello, pizza, a shepherd's crook +a baby, a book, a chair +(from behind bars) lumber and a saw +an egg, new laws, a hammer  The juggling seems to illustrate the growing folly of the king.  Everywhere he goes, he is attended by a mirror-wielding servant.  Sensational book, perhaps holding a deep meaning.
716 A book showcasing the premeditated violence and profound vengeance of native American cultures... Drimmer would never get this published today.  Written in 1961, it includes portions of 15 eyewitness accounts of whites who escaped or were ransomed from the Indians.  Gives a full, unvarnished flavor of Indian cultures, the positive and the negative.  Parts of it were so hard to read; I winced.  This book contains graphic descriptions of brutal cruelty - don't say you were not warned.  But my goodness, American history as taught today is so sanitized, I never knew why the settlers would fear those gentle, carbon-neutral Indians!
717 DK Eyewitness books are excellent teaching tools, for anyone.  This book on the American Revolution does a bang-up job, with illustrations and captions that convey the information straight into your little one's eyeballs.  In addition, the book sets up the context for the Revolution, including the dawn of industry in colonial America and the trade networks that were devloping.  Also includes brief information on warfare with other European powers and frontier Indians as a prelude to Revolution.  Great timeline, and simply an EXCELLENT glossary, including terms like: apothecary, apprentice, artillery, barracks...typhus, Union Jack, and volunteer.  Perfect for visual learners -- put this book right into their hands.
718 This size bin is great for cleaning supplies and for guest linens. Keep your closet shelves looking organized.
719 Children love this book, and adults love to read it with them.  Not only does it feature a child on a car trip, plus illustrations of LOTS of different vehicles, many pages are large, labelled illustrated.  Not only that, the book has good information about batteries and gasoline engines, refrigerated trucks, RVs, subways, and trains.  Adorable, punny illustrations.  One giant fold-out 2-page spread.  We love this book.
720 I enjoyed "Gulp" by Mary Roach so much I immediately requested "Stiff" from the library.  Too soon.  Mary Roach has one schtick. She is very very good at it, but reading her books so closely together is a mistake.  My mistake.  The book has wildly funny asides and awkward, uncomfortable situations and memorable interviews. That's her schtick. Probably best to wait a year between Mary Roach books.
721 Glorious illustrations and a warm-you-up story.  Simple and funny and beautiful to read.  You should own this one.
722 I bought this at Target, and I got it on purpose so they would keep stocking Christian artists.  The CD itself is good, not great.  The sound is a little hollow on my recording.  Many of the songs are off-tempo, like the old classics aren't interesting enough.  The changes make the songs not singalong-able.  However, Amy Grant's "Breath of Heaven" is a keeper.  Likewise "God Rest you Merry Gentlemen" and "O Come, O Come Emmanuel."  I like what "What Child is This" (the staccato percussion is interesting) and I could come around on "Joy to the World."
723 I started to read this book, and I thought, "oh no!  Another "save the planet by turning off the lights and faucets" book."  This was a much better book than I expected.  It's a hush-all-the-night-noises book, masterfully illustrated and creatively imagined.  I recommend it.  Beautifully done.  *So* glad it wasn't another save-the-planet book.
724 I can absolutely see why the illustrations won the Caldecott medal -- John Schoenherr's watercolors are vivid and fine.  The illustrtions stand alone and can tell a story even without the words.  It's a good thing the words in this book are superfluous, because they are singularly bland and tell a story that is uninteresting and unmemorable.  "Be quiet outdoors at night" is the summary my son gave this story.  As an adult, I think the free-verse poetry is just ok, some nice turns of phrase, some good metaphors/similes, but nothing remarkable.  But whoa!  These illustrations!  Let your children tell their own story, based on the illustrations.
725 This book is perfect summertime reading.  So many books (especially for boys) are just... books.  This book is good natured and funny, with action and great relationships among the people.  Happy little illustrations.  Main character is an oddball boy; girl sidekick.  No love interest (yay).  This book is told in a first-person journaling style.  It may be fun to have your older child try writing in a similar way.  Simply great storytelling.
726 This is a great book about contentment and improving the world around you.  Wonderful characters, superb illustrations.  Children see everything going on on each page.  Wonderful!
727 These cut paper collage illustrations make for absorbing reading.  Highly recommend you get this book for your favorite teacher's classroom bookcase.
728 I confess -- I love the book "Matilda."  A total fantasy novel lies behind the mask of a British school tale.  Roald Dahl crossed the line into the utterly unbelievable by making his villains so incredibly bad.  It's preposterous, and funny.  So while this is a book that prominently features bullying, intimidation, horrible insults, and violent mistreatment of children, it isn't scary at all -- instead, it is funny.  It's the vocabulary words and the quality of the writing that get me. Superb.  As a read-aloud mom, who can read it and share the laughs with my family, I love this book.  Still, I have to caution parents to pre-read it before you give it to your children.  There is over-the-top anger, name-calling, and violence directed at kids -- and the kids take revenge in dangerous and harmful ways.  We treat this the same way we treat Tom and Jerry or Sylvester and Tweety bird -- total fantasy.  Don't behave like that.  Isn't it funny?  Parents are the best judges.  Give it a try.  Parent notes: truly awful name-calling, raging adults, parental abandonment, revenge against adults, mixing chemicals for revenge, lots of Forbidden Words, and a nice message in there about practice gets you to your goal.
729 We don't know what we are capable of.  Woodrow Wilson knew what would happen if black soldiers returned from Europe victorious, having made the world "safe for democracy."  The Harlem Hellfighters fought a double war: they fought the terrifying war against the Germans, and they fought the insinuating, sly racist oppression of their own president, Woodrow Wilson.  Wilson was an uncloseted democrat racist, and his appointees understood that the black soldiers had to be sternly repressed, or else they might succeed.  The book is excellent in its depiction of different social classes and accents, especially in the beginning of the bok where the recruitment is shown.  At times it is difficult to figure out who is who as the people are being blown to bits, but usually the next frame calls out the name of the deceased, so you can figure it out.  Black and white graphics, a lot (a LOT) of bodily fluids, and people being blown to smithereens.  The book does show the sickening racism against these soldiers by dishonorable democrat politicians, like Mayor John F Floyd and Woodrow Wilson himself.  And of course, it looks at the soldier's feelings of bitterness, resentment, and the desire for violent revenge that arose from their treatment.  You see a race riot on page 39.  The book offers good historical quotes: from WEB DuBois on page 77, from Irvin S. Cobb on page 124, and the Alan Seeger poem "I have a Rendezvous with Death." There is a great discussion on page 175 on dignity and respect, and an excellent summary of what these men overcame.  The graphics offer very good sensory information, and one of the best visual tricks involves "remembering."  Great presentation of the graphics.  As a parent, I highly recommend this book.
730 My family and I have all the Lego Castle sets, plus some Lego Kingdoms, plus we worked in some Hobbit and LOTR sets.  So we have a BIG adventure land going on, with goblins and trolls.  This makes it really fun to play.  This set includes just a little treasure, but we added plenty more.  Now the treasury is completely full to the brim.  You can expand this castle with the LEGO Castle Gatehouse Raid set x2, and you can make different shapes/configurations (with or without the gatehouse raid).  This set has a tiny throne room, it has one chain-locked dungeon for four or five minifigs, portcullis and drawbridge at the main gatehouse, attckers, catapults, six minifigs: a first-class knight (good guy), the king, an archer, a second-class knight (bad guy), a common foot soldier, and the leader of the attackers.  You should know that if your King's crown keeps popping off, you should try removing the King's cape.
731 Random and disjointed, slews of metaphors both meaningless and trite, self-congratulatory smugness, and an epic search that may as well end at the rubbish heap, where this book belongs.  Don't even recycle it -- it might come back!
732 This is not a movie with... subtlety... nuance ... or metaphor...  Hamhanded writing and delivery.  I think this group was also responsible for the Sandra Bullock movie "Blindside" made a few years later ... at least the weird-beard guy is on screen in both.  Blindside was the better show.
733 Vivid illustrations show the technology of carving the mountain; the text tells the biography of the sculptor's son who grew up to finish the project.  Also, we loved&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rushmore/dp/0590225731/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rushmore</a>&nbsp;"Rushmore" by Lynn Curlee.  Take this one with you on your road trip to see the monument.  Great book.
734 Read this with your kids, it is howlingly funny.  Get in on the joke!  Adam Rex is amazingly talented.  The range of illustration/typefont styles/poetry rhythms - every monster gets his own  - the quality of the poetry, the sing-alongs ("all the girls in France"... "B-I-N-G-O"... "The Girl from Ipanema"... even "Pop Goes the Weasel.") and the great humor - this is a book to love.  It is for BIG KIDS.  You will want to pre-screen this book for your family.  It is full of ghoulish humor and carefully rendered gross-out body parts, it features zombies and all sorts of monsters, and uses words like poop and Turdzilla (a giant poop left by Godzilla) and "naked ladies" ... and really, you have to know about monsters and how to defeat them.  This is a book built for reading out loud with your kids.  Enjoy it together.  We love it.  Especially the Invisible Man -- he makes a snow angel and appears on a milk carton.  Just really funny.  So creative. Parents note: fear of dentists, gross out, lots of different poem structures.  Hilarious.  Some things are very gross -- parents need to pre-read.
735 Your kids will like this book of photographs about patterns.  After this, it becomes a game of "I SPY around your house or garden, finding abd identifying patterns.  Enjoy!
736 I am picky about "Jack and the Beanstalk."  I have read 8 or 9 versions of the story to my children, and this one is pretty good.  The story is the familiar story without any surprises.  Steven Kellogg's style of illustrations is great for younger readers.  I have a family of boys, and the little ones like Steven Kellogg's style very well.  Some of the illustrations are extremely good - the beanstalk growing, and the castle at the top.  But the giant's wife looks like a voodoo priestess, and the giant looks like Grendel.  I would honestly give this book 4-and-a-half stars, but that's not possible.  Still, this book tells the classic fairy tale well, and it's an important story about taking risks and being persuasive.  Boys need Jack.  (What is your favorite version of "Jack and the Beanstalk?"  Ours is by John Howe.)
737 This is the right color gray - not too brown, not too blue.  Nice pattern.
738 The sweetness of second love comes through in this book, as well as the charm of opposites attracting.  This book shows best friends being themselves, loyal and heroic.  Love it!
739 The same child who loves volcanoes and earthquakes and tornadoes relishes the Titanic and the San Francisco great fire and the Hindenberg disaster.  This book combines history with beautiful illustrations to tell the story of the survivors of the Hindenberg crash.  It's so interesting.
740 I like the text, but I really love the illustrations.  The stories are:  Little Red Riding Hood The Three Billy Goats Gruff The Enormous Turnip Henny Penny Goldilocks and the Three Bears The Little Red Hen The Three Little Pigs The Musicians of Bremen  Nice oversized picture book -- very fun to read.
741 This is a nice looking bolo tie. Leather braid,good clasp. Great value.
742 This book takes a fascinating look at the deep ocean and what...else...might...be...down...there.  Then it goes shallower and brings us up close to Moray eels and their family members.  The photographs are amazing.  Now, about that 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.  This book is about deep water eels, true?  Yes. And deepwater eels live in... erm, well, the deep water, not the surface of the ocean where the oil rests, true?  Yes again. But after all, "This COULD cause a dangerous shortage of food for deep-sea eels and other deep-sea animals."  But this book was published in 2012, true?  Yes.  Therefore, we already KNOW that the explosion DID NOT have those effects, true?  Yes, true. So why is this information in this book?  Just for the pretty pictures?  Certainly not to praise the brave men who put out the fire, engineered a solution, and controlled the damage.  No... this seems to be unscientific fear-mongering, and out of place in this otherwise excellent book.  Anyway, we do see some humans-to-the-rescue on the page where it talks about hydroelectric dams assisting migrating eels and helping endangered eels.  Good glossary, includes word like: carnivore, cartilage, current, extinct, habitat.  Great photography!
743 My very small son wanted a 24-hour watch because he admires the adults in our military family.  The nylon strap adjusts at both sides of the watch face, so the watch fits him just fine.
744 *** I added a photo of a project my son completed using this book. -- check it out! ***  This exciting book was fundamental to week 3 of our homeschool unit on ancient Egypt -- when we studied scribes, papyrus making, and hieroglyphs.  The kids got toally carried away, writing each other coded notes and having a blast.  We made homemade papyrus and used the stencil inside to write our translated Bible verses in beautiful hieroglyphs.  This book is dynamite.
745 This book (and part I) belong on your bookshelf. It is worth taking the time to read it more than twice.  I'm a mom with a family of boys.  I think 6th grade is too young for a movie like "Schindler's List," but I am willing to put MAUS in the hands of a (prepared) sixth grader.  The book does offer scenes of horror: the slaughter of children, cruelty and suffering, starvation, and brutal executions.  And hangings.  It is dreadful.  Other good choices on this topic for junior high/high: "Life is Beautiful"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Life-Is-Beautiful-English-Subtitled-HD/dp/B00B3EJ292/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Life Is Beautiful (English Subtitled) [HD</a>] "The Boy in the Striped Pajamas"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Boy-in-the-Striped-Pajamas/dp/B00628RVV0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Boy in the Striped Pajamas</a> "Surviving Hitler"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Surviving-Hitler-A-Boy-in-the-Nazi-Death-Camps/dp/0060007672/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Surviving Hitler: A Boy in the Nazi Death Camps</a>  This book is especially valuable for showing what happened after LIBERATION -- the round-ups, the continuing predation upon the survivors, the horrors of returning "home" unwelcome.  Merciless storytelling.  What I think younger readers will miss is the excellent interplay between the adult son of the survivor and his father and stepmother.  That adds more depth to the book for adult readers.  Parent note: some cursing.  Parents should pre-read.
746 I'm a read-aloud Mom with a family of boys.  I was thrilled to find this book, because the War of 1812 is not well represented in children's history books.  I was hoping for an historical but entertaining book, along the lines of Nathan Hale's Hazardous Tales.  The tone of this book was a turn-off for our family.  The teacher, as presented in this book, is discouraging.  The child has low self-worth, always convinced his side would lose and certain he would be cowardly in the face of action.  It's depressing.  We like the raven, and it's fun to read his voice out loud, with all the "Ya"s.  I hope this series will continue, but with a more cheerful protagonist.  Two other good War of 1812 books we have read together are:  "By the Dawn's Early Light" by Stephen Kroll&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/By-the-Dawn-s-Early-Light-The-Story-of-the-Star-Spangled-Banner/dp/0590450557/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">By the Dawn's Early Light: The Story of the Star-Spangled Banner</a>&nbsp;and "Dolley Madison Saves George Washington" by Don Brown&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dolley-Madison-Saves-George-Washington/dp/0618411992/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dolley Madison Saves George Washington</a>.
747 This is fantastic for any student planning a report, as well as anyone planning to travel to Mesopotamia.  It gives a sense of the incredible wealth amassed in the early empires, the politics and near-constant warfare, how they solved the problems of food (irrigation) and labor (slavery of war captives), construction techniques, and arts.  Beautiful photographs throughout demonstrate amazing archaeological finds that you would have to travel to 5 countries (few of them in present-day Mesootamia) to see in person.  A hawk-eyed child will notice a fair depiction of what could only be oral sex in the art on one page (What is that lion doing???) -- many other friezes and architectural details show prisoners being beheaded, defeated armies being trampled, naked slaves being led to their doom, piles of corpses.  Don't worry, moms -- You can handle the good/evil conversation.  Very basic spiritual beliefs are covered -- does not get into any of the sex cult/ infant sacrifice stuff from this region.  If that's what you are looking for, you need another book.
748 GREAT for our summer home school unit on magnetism.  I got this, plus the book "What Makes a Magnet" (Let's Read and Find Out), and the Alnico magnet set.  We've made a compass and generated electricity.  3rd grader is fascinated; even kindergarten age children have fun.
749 This book buys right into the theory that Russians are incapable of self-government and require a tyrannical dictator to haul them into order.  Sheesh.  This is a 1986 book by Diane Stanley, and I'm willing to give her the benefit of the doubt.  Like all her books, this one is magnificently illustrated in the style of the time and place -- breathtaking illustrations on every page are more than worthwhile.  However, it is this kind of reading of Peter the Great forcibly modernizing a backward and reluctant traditional people that led to Lenin, Dzerzhinsky, Stalin... and Putin.  Don't give a boost to history's bad guys by telling them people are incapable of self-rule.
750 Eyewitness books belong on your bookcase.  They do a thorough job on every topic they cover -- using large full-color illustrations and photographs and very clear captions to teach and teach and teach.  Preschoolers to adults -- Eyewitness books are a favorite.  You could go through 10 museum collections and not find the scope and quality of information contained within this book.  Multiple excellent pages on Viking technology, from domestic weaving and home construction, to warfare and armaments and fort construction, to metal working and shipbuilding, to burial goods and horse harnesses -- everything is given plenty of space and allowed to tell its own story, visually.  Well-organized, with a good index and plenty of photographs.
751 I ordered my regular size, but these shoes are much too wide.  Very very pretty shoes, the grey color is absolutely perfect. Not too brown, not too blue.
752 This banana slicer comes with no bananas.  The photograph clearly shows bananas.  You mean it costs 5 bucks and I still have to go to the grocery store for bananas?  Outrageous greedy 1%ers.  The revolution can't come soon enough.
753 This book is wonderful for second or third graders (the movie is also one of my favorites) but I offer one word of caution - a female dog is a bitch, and King-Smith uses "bitch" three or four times in the book.  For American non-farm families, that is generally a Forbidden Word.  Babe is cheerful and sunny, Fly is gentle and trustworthy, Mrs. Hoggett is chattering and good-natured, Farmer Hoggett is patient and honest - there are great role models all through this book.  And good manners wins the day.
754 Fifteen bucks is just about right for this toy.  It is easy to build (many repetitive assemblies), it looks cool, and it comes with eight droids and two Gungans (Jar Jar and one other).  Fun for acting out battles, etc.  This holds up well during play.  Fun little set.
755 In this book, Humphrey doesn't get to go home much with students -- instead, he gets out of his cage and goes to the school library to learn things.  There are some corny jokes (my kids love corny jokes) and a lot of pirate action.  ARRR-ARRR-ARRR!  Ms. Mac shows up at the end.  Squeaktastic!  Parent note: "My brother is an idiot" and "Kirk is a jerk" -- no other name calling.  Pushy mom.
756 #1 - its a great placemat that cleans easily and does not stain  #2 - what a great teaching tool.  The hand positions are very clearly illustrated, and as a bonus, the skin tones and clothing make it clear that boys and girls from any nation can learn this alphabet.  My little kids treat this as a secret code and tackle it willingly.
757 This book started from the illustrations, and the text was added later.  In fact, the text is hardly necessary, the illustrations are so compelling.  A graphic representation of the history of enslaved blacks in America until emancipation - pulls at your imagination.  Warning: Brutally realistic depictions of man's inhumanity toward man.  Parents should pre-read.  Teachers need to let parents know when and how the book will be used in a classroom setting.
758 Raul Colon is one of the most interesting illustrators working today.  He did one of our favorite books, Pandora&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pandora/dp/0152021787/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pandora</a>, as well as tons of other great work&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/As-Good-as-Anybody-Martin-Luther-King-and-Abraham-Joshua-Heschel-s-Amazing-March-Toward-Freedom/dp/0375833358/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">As Good as Anybody: Martin Luther King and Abraham Joshua Heschel's Amazing March Toward Freedom</a>&nbsp;and many more.  This book looks mostly at the early relationship between Annie and Helen and cuts off by the time Helen goes to Radcliffe.  Nothing about her political activism and radical socialism.  That's fine.  Great illustrations throughout do more to convey the power of the story than the text.  The text is ok, written unnecessarily but unobtrusively in free verse.  Really good picture biography; includes actual photographs and a copy of the first letter Helen wrote to her mother.  The back cover has a raised braille alphabet.
759 We love Demi's books because of all the gold, and the fascinating illustrations.  Expertly recording Zheng He's history, accomplishments, and philosophy of peace, this book is a great one for my family as we study great voyages.
760 This magazine is mostly travel,shopping, and food in the south.  I wanted the subscription and got it for Christmas, but it has been disappointing.  Not enough gardens. Not enough guns.
761 It's got Anakin.  It's got Ahsoka.  It's got adventures.  Your Star Wars kid will like it, even if it's too easy for them.
762 Every child needs a few stories they can tell at campfires or sleepovers.  This book has stories with funny endings, and stories with happy endings, and stories with mysterious endings.  I've been reading them to my kids in the kitchen, after dinner is over but with all the lights on and all the comforts right there.  My kids enjoy them, although you can tell when the little ones get a little nervous.  It's good for kids to overcome feeling afraid.  In fact, there is a section at the back of the book on why scary stories help children master their fears.  The stories in this book are coded with a symbol for age-appropriateness.  This collection is written by the storytellers at Silver Dollar City near Branson, MO - another connection for our family.  There are stories from many different parts of America, and many different ethnic groups.  Some of our favorites in this book are:  Skunnee Wundee and the Stone Giant Raggelugg The Golem Rap...Rap...Rap She's Got Me! The Changelings Red Velvet Ribbon Wylie and the Hairy Man
763 The riddles are long.  My ten year old loves riddles, brain teasers, and language puzzles.  These were fun for him.  He retold many of them and stumped his listeners.
764 Remember when you were in junior high and you wrote dark poetry that no one would ever see?  Now... Publish it.  Its all pubescent vampire dreams and fears of getting your period in public. Its for young adults if you consider immature and emotionally overwrought girls to be young adults  I don't buy into this nonsense. Poetry books for children should teach them to experience their emotions as adults. Set a better example. Dont wallow.  Publish worthy things, please.
765 Good replacers for the SMALL Swiss Army knives.  They slide too far into the big knives.  Buy the larger size if you have a larger knife.
766 This book is a triumph!  A wonderful choice to read aloud with your kids.  The language just rolls along, and the pacing and tempo of the words almost sounds like music.  Incredible illustrations.  You'll inspire your children to listen to Duke Ellingotn music with this book.  Fabulous.  We are in a golden age of book publishing.  More books like this, please.
767 I'm a read-aloud Mom with a family of boys.  We took our gang to a performace of Handel's Messiah this year; I bought this book and a wordbook of the text of the oratorio with illustrations by Barry Moser to get them ready and give them context for the piece.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Messiah-The-Wordbook-for-the-Oratorio/dp/0060210389/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Messiah: The Wordbook for the Oratorio</a>  So, this book -- Charles Ludwig's biography of Geroge Frideric Handel -- started well.  The first four chapters were impressive.  It is interesting to read about a person who was devout behaving... well, devoutly.  You get this all the time in biographies of Muslims (Ibn Battuta, Saladin, etc), but it is much rare for a biography of a Christian to show the Christian turning to particular scriptures and applying the scripture to life.  So that was well done.  The book went downhill around chapter 9 or ten.  Handel goes to London and gets political patronage, and then it is just swings of the pendulum as his music is popular and his spirits are high, then his music is unpopular and his debts mount.  This goes on for 10 chapters -- popular, unpopular, popular, unpopular.  Got it.  One of my kids wondered whether Handel wasn't "a bit slow on the uptake, eh?" always composing Italian opera for a disinterested London public.  I'm glad we read it, and it has a good ending, but this book could have been as informative at 75 pages as it was at 176 pages.
768 This book (and part II) belong on your bookshelf. It is worth taking the time to read it more than twice.  I'm a mom with a family of boys.  I think 6th grade is too young for a movie like "Schindler's List," but I am willing to put MAUS in the hands of a (prepared) sixth grader.  The book does offer scenes of horror: the slaughter of children, cruelty and suffering, starvation, and brutal executions.  And hangings.  It is dreadful.  Other good choices on this topic for junior high/high: "Life is Beautiful"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Life-Is-Beautiful-English-Subtitled-HD/dp/B00B3EJ292/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Life Is Beautiful (English Subtitled) [HD</a>] "The Boy in the Striped Pajamas"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Boy-in-the-Striped-Pajamas/dp/B00628RVV0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Boy in the Striped Pajamas</a> "Surviving Hitler"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Surviving-Hitler-A-Boy-in-the-Nazi-Death-Camps/dp/0060007672/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Surviving Hitler: A Boy in the Nazi Death Camps</a>  What I think younger readers will miss is the excellent interplay between the adult son of the survivor and his father and stepmother.  That adds more depth to the book for adult readers.  Parent note: some cursing.  Parents should pre-read.
769 And in the end, not that interesting.  I was hoping for an interesting history of an everyday item, something like these:  The Box by Marc Levinson&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Box-How-the-Shipping-Container-Made-the-World-Smaller-and-the-World-Economy-Bigger/dp/0691136408/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Box: How the Shipping Container Made the World Smaller and the World Economy Bigger</a> Piano by James Barron&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Piano-The-Making-of-a-Steinway-Concert-Grand/dp/0805083049/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Piano: The Making of a Steinway Concert Grand</a> or even Salt by Mark Kurlansky (the abridged children's version is better)&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Story-of-Salt/dp/0399239987/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Story of Salt</a> Another good one: The Universe in a Mirror&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Universe-in-a-Mirror-The-Saga-of-the-Hubble-Space-Telescope-and-the-Visionaries-Who-Built-It/dp/0691146357/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Universe in a Mirror: The Saga of the Hubble Space Telescope and the Visionaries Who Built It</a>  This book was very caught up in the Truly Special People behind the iconoclastic dictionary.  Yawn.  I guess I'm smarter now than I was, so thanks, David Skinner.
770 The photographs are beautiful. It's exactly what you expect from National Geographic. The forays into political topics detract from the enjoyment of the book.  Just show me the photo, tell me where and what. That would be quite enough. Don't try to tell me what to think about it.
771 I like the technical illustrations and the information about how the ship was designed and assembled.  However, the storyline -- following a boy, the son of a shipbuilder, as he watches all the parts of the ship coming together -- was not cohesive and didn't work as a plot.  Beautiful drawings.  Any fan of tall ships or the USS Constitution will get a thrill.  Also check into "Ship" by David Macaulay - about a Spanish galleon being built in the 15th century and excavated in modern times.
772 So, my older son is trying to understand a lesson on Freud and psychoanalysis.  Id-Ego-Superego.  I'm more of a Christian myself, so psychoanalysis doesn't hold much sway with me, but this Freud stuff is pervasive in our culture, so therefore the children have to be familiar with it.  Anyway, I remembered this book and we got it from the library to dissect the characters:  Id: Cecile and the Black Panthers, all the California People, Uncle Darnell Ego: Delphine, her father, Miss Marva Hendrix Superego: Big Ma, Mr. Mwila  This book helped a lot.  Plus, it's fun!  The characters are straightforward and (as seen through Delphine's eyes) one-dimensional.  It's easy for a teen to analyze.
773 This book offers glorious COLOR reproductions on every page. 63 major artworks in color, plus the drawings and other influences that Raphael used to plan his work. 95 pages.  Easy writing style that is accessible to an interested amateur, like me.  I also recommend d this book for homeschooling families: The Great Masters of Italian Art by Elena Capretti sets Raphael into the context of the centuries - how he drew from and influenced other artists, the interplay of ideas among these splendid men.  There is not enough of any one artist's work in this book, BUT it offers good scope for a unit study for your family.
774 This slicer feels good in the hand, makes nice thin slices, and washes up easily. That's everything I require in a cheese slicer.
775 "Spiderweb for Two" builds back to the same high quality of children's fiction that was established in Book 1 -- "The Saturdays".  With the older children at boarding school or living in the city, Randy and Oliver have the blues.  But a mystery scavenger hunt unfolds that lead them to develop their relationship with each other (as well as with some great neighbors).  The children act childlike and the book is entertaining, even if a bit unbelievable.  This book more than makes up for "The Four-Story Mistake" and "Then There Were Five".
776 These pants look good while wearing like iron. They look like regular tan pants, like school uniform pants. But they do not wear out, they never need to be ironed, and dirt practically brushes off them.  My teenager son keeps growing through the sizes. Excellent pants, recommended
777 This book is directed at children in early grades, with the theme repeating that care needs to be taken so bats "live and grow."  I like that message.  Good information about bat species and their habitats.  The first half of the book has an undeniably pessimistic tone about people harming bats and offers speculation as to the cause of white nose syndrome.  The book never comes close to defining optimal bat population numbers.  The book improves in the second half, looking at clever solutions people have come up with to protect bats and their habitats.  We wanted more information on the Northern Yellow Bat, shown sleeping in palm trees in suburban Texas.  We wonder whether palm-tree-sleeping is an adaptation that could help bats in other places where palm trees are used as plantings -- southern California or here at home in Arizona?  We also had questions about migrating ranges for bat species -- the book did a good job showing current ranges, but no information of changes over time.  Interesting book -- GREAT illustrations and maps.  Well done.
778 Great Vehicles 60018 Cement Mixer from LEGO City is, like, sooooooooooo COOL. Meticulously detailed, it has an Archimedes Screw inside the drum, and to reload the drum, you simply tilt the smokestack to the left, tilt the cab forward and tilt the drum up. You can also tilt the cab forward to simply pretend the engine needs repairs. I am a 9-year-old kid who loves LEGOs.
779 I like the information in this book, and it's a great learning tool for kids.  We use it a lot.  *A lot.*  The state maps seem a little "squashed" onto the page.  The states are arranged by region, instead of straight alphabetically.  This makes it harder to use, but we get practice looking things up in the table of contents.  We like it.
780 You realize how much of the ocean is simply unknown asyou read this book.  "Down, Down, Down" shows -- graphically -- the tiny sliver of ocean that humans know -- the surface, the sunlight region, and the regions patrolled by submarines... and then takes us deep.  The illustrations are beautiful, made with cut paper, and full of motion and light, but the sliding depth meter (for me) is the most interesting part of the book.
781 We like this series of books -- "Unsolved Mystery from History."  Even young children can understand the format -- short bits of text, author's sidebars, brief definitions of vocabulary words, and then a summary of the clues at the end that lead your child to draw a conclusion.  A little guidance from the author; nothing too pushy.  The vocabulary in this book includes terms like: smallpox, reprisal, revoked, convulsed, ailments...  Roger Roth did a lovely job with the illustrations -- he gives you a lot of attractive residents in Salem, Mass.  Tituba as presented here is a bit of a hottie.  (Sexual attractiveness/suspicion is *not* one of the possible solutions given in this book, but given human nature, it is a likely possibility.)
782 This is the book for, maybe, a reluctant reader, an older ESL reader, or a child who doesn't want to commit to the entire Little House series.  It gives the sweep of the open frontier and shows important character traits of self-reliance, making the best of things, patience, dignity, and humility (not boasting).  The book is brief, written without a ton of description or characterization, and lets the reader experience the thrills and chills of a very young pioneer couple isolated on the frontier.  175 pages; vocabulary includes: exhausted, persuade, intently, inexplicable, grasp, eluded, rippling, jostled, seized...
783 This book is like someone drew pictures of her journal entries from high school.  Yawn.  I, too visited the Soviet Union in this time period of glasnost, as well as after the wall came down, living and working in Russia in the early nineties.  Unlike the writer, I spoke Russian and talked with the people around me.  From starting with a pro-Soviet attitude, I was quickly made aware by the people I interacted with of the dreadful living conditions their government had imposed on them.  This author's superficial acceptance of the poverty and scarcity around her shocks me.  The specter of central authority was never far from the Russian people's minds; this author never noticed it.  Sad and shallow.  The author is more concerned about feeling self-conscious in her bathing suit, and about whether that boy might like her, than in the world around her.  I would recommend you avoid this book.  Decent drawings don't make up for the banality of her experiences.  For a book about a young pro-Communist person who receives a rude awakening, try Man is Wolf to Man by Janusz Bardach.
784 Shaping young men to become leaders: how do we do it?  Boys want to fit in, but what culture will they choose to assimilate into?  What choices do they see?  Starting young helps - decisions made at age eleven or even younger will echo through their lives.  But will Wes identify with the kids in his crew? At Riverdale? At Valley Forge?  The reader already knows how it all turns out for Wes Moore, Rhodes Scolar, paratrooper.  But this book introduces us to Wes Moore, inmate: a man imprisoned for murder who by coincidence is also named Wes Moore.  Their lives were not that different at the beginning : how did they diverge so dramatically?  This book does not answer the Big Question: what is the thing that makes the difference between success and ruin? But Wes Moore, author, does not accept the idea that we are only shaped by other's expectations, that we have no initiative or agency. (P. 140)  Wes Moore, author, credits thoughtfulness and thankfulness, advice and mentors.  The past is important, but the future doesn't have to repeat the past. (P. 100) The best part of the book is pp. 145-147.  Easy to read - great for fourth graders.  Mentoring resource guide at the back -sensational!
785 This beautiful, sad fairy tale is just perfect for family read-alouds.  It is a very nicely produced, cloth bound hardcover book with heavy pages and glorious illustrations.  It gives much more story than the ballet, told from the perspective of the tutor and the child.  Enjoy this with your family.
786 This is a very good shoe.  The laces are really cute, with their dotted-line detail.  Fit great on my narrow feet.  Recommend!
787 Fun to solve; fun to read.  Fun illustrations.  And surprisingly good poetry that makes sense and contains math riddles.  You can tell a lot of effort went into making this book a success.
788 Look, I went into this not knowing it was a book about a dwarf.  I went into it to find out if my 7-year-old would like it.  Not only does that child lke it, but this book is also very good for older reluctant readers or ESL teens -- there is a STORY in this book.  Moms, your children will like this book.  It is about acceptance and belonging and friendship.  It is not preachy or political or Diversity! Now!, there is no questionable language, and it is a GREAT story.
789 100% Polyester.  This old wolf wouldn't hurt a fly, much less a sheep.  So... why does he lure the sheep into the Dark Forest... with candy?  "I need sheep!" the wolf says.  Doug the Super Sheep Dog is on the case, and it resolves nicely at the end.  Lots of great mechanical details in the illustrations -- plenty of humor on every page.  My kids love this one. (My youngest is beyond the preschool years).
790 Works great!  We gave this as a Christmas present to a 13-year-old.  It took approximately 80 minutes to assemble.  Very fun toy!
791 My son used this as Lee's horse (I know it's not a perfect match for Traveler) in his Civil War battlefields project.  He had Lee and Grant fingerpuppets.  This horse was sort of background.  Worked great. Nice sturdy prop.
792 Read it in college when all the hue and cry was about Republican Theocracy! (Good grief)  Rereading it in 2017 reminds me why feminist literature isn't that interesting: too much hysteria, bad metaphors, and way too didactic.  Preachy-screech.  Just like I take my kids to Shakespeare and connect the honor killings to Islam, I connect the dots of this book to Islam's repression of women and dehumanization of non-koolaid-drinkers (infidels).  A vastly overrated book.  Not literature.
793 This book offers great, quick experiments that kids can do to teach science concepts and simple machines.  This book is perfect for "special people day" at school, when a classroom of kids and adults can team up and get great results with basic supplies and just a few minutes.  The projects make good (easy) science fair projects and get kids excited about getting results from experimentation.  This would be an excellent month of science projects for a home learning environment or to kill the summer boredom.
794 The portions on Caesar and Roman history were quite good.  We used those as read-alouds in our study of Ancient Rome.  Ordinarily, I would have been thrilled at having so many historical tie-ins to what else was happening at the same time.  But the history happening in other places felt too jarringly inserted -- like **long** interruptions -- and while some did tie in, the overall effect was of unnecessary tangents.  Since I was reading aloud, I could read ahead and mark the portions for reading/skipping.  The illustrations in this book were superb -- really, really good.  We'll keep this book.  This is a fine history-of-the-world for children to read.  It is far more interesting, in-depth, and readable than most history texts.
795 For people planning how to spend time during a vacation/camping trip in Boise, or for newcomers to the area, this book of Easy Day Hikes is a winner. Most of these hikes are comfortable, doable, and give you a nice sense of place.  N.B.: Although the book and the posted signs say that dogs must be leashed or within voice control on particular trails, this is a growing problem in Boise. Expect to encounter unleashed dogs, and their waste, with no sign of an owner anywhere. Some dogs are aggressive. Take a walking stick with you if this is a concern. Also, many bike riders either never learned or have forgotten trail manners. Be patient with them, but be prepared for you and your family or group to leap off the trail if some inconsiderate bike rider comes whipping at you with, apparently, no brakes.
796 This is a pretty, stylish set of boots.  However, I am replacing Aerosoles boots that were heaven-sent for comfort.  This Rockport pair left my feet fatigued after standing/walking ~ 3 hours on a field trip.  Love the style -- this boot is better for short-duration outings.
797 The colors of interior CFL and LED lighting have been disappointing. I have flood lights in the room where tv and hobbies are both enjoyed - I need dimmable lighting there. These incandescent bulbs are far superior to and MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE than the energy saving alternatives.
798 Good USB cable to connect a wireless printer (HP OfficeJet Pro 6968) to the computer.
799 This thoughtful, meaningful book is full of gentle humor (and sometimes playfulness), and is a thoroughly enjoyable read.  Metaxas takes the time to develop the context surrounding the events, then engages us in seeing them through Bonhoeffer-the-Patrician's eyes, transitioning to Bonhoeffer-the-Theologian's eyes.  The intellectual rigor displayed by Bonhoeffer through his letters and diary entries is breathtaking -- Metaxas matches them with his analysis, and his ability to organize and synthesize events is superb.  Eric Metaxas is deeply respectful of the Old Testament, the New Testament, and the inspiration of God.  This book is worth a re-read -- it is the most interesting, engaging, and thoughtful book I have read so far in 2012.
800 This is a panorama - 24 connected panels that tell the story of the first day of the Battle of the Somme, July 1, 1916.  It includes a printed history and a key to understanding the panorama.  The whole thing is presented in a hard slipcase and is gift quality.  I am most impressed with the technical ability that keeps the day flowing across the panels, with troops marching up or heading out, explosions, air surveillance, certain buildings, trenches, no man's land, and barbed wire.  This seems like it would be impossible to achieve, but I'm holding it here.  Buy this one.  It's a keeper.
801 My kids have loved the Corby Flood/Fergus Crane series from Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell.  I don't know why, but these illustrations remind me of those books.  This amazingly creative book belongs on your child's bookcase -- all ages enjoy it.  It is a classic myth, but it is brand new.  And the illustrations are amazing.  The lunar maps and the step-by-step diagrams, the "realness" of the fantasy -- this is wonderful, and I hope there are more books to come.
802 I always want to murder people at the dentist.  So this book strikes a chord.  As Agatha Christie novels go, this book was not too hard to figure out.  The politics of the book were the most interesting part.
803 This is one of those crazy plans that Just-Might-Work!  Mordicai Gerstein has done some of favorite books, including one on Yosemite and one on the Twin Towers.  See whether your kids can improve on these plans -- you'll be amazed at what they come up with!
804 This book shows how human bodies fight disease.  It also explores the natural world and the chemicals and processes at work around us.  The book is enjoyable, fast airplane reading.
805 This is an interesting metaphor. Short little book - worth your time one evening.
806 This book has a pop-up and over 30 lift-the-flaps.  The pop-up is of Eyjafjallajkull glacier in Iceland.  The book teaches you a lot. I really like the page on volcanic ash.  There is a lot more information in this book than I expected.  I'm a kid and I'm interested in geology.
807 I rely on Jean Fritz -- I like her style from little-kid biographies (And then what happened, Paul Revere?) to big-kid biographies (Why Not, Lafayeete? or Where Do You Think You're Going, Christopher Columbus?)  I was tremendously excited to read this book, but what a disappointment.  Jean Fritz often has an undertone of irony in her books (which we applaud *and* enjoy), but this book is sarcasm-unleashed.  The tone of the book is unpleasantly snarky.  It is inappropriate for my kids... I wanted an instructive and entertaining book, not a soliloquy founded on Jean Fritz's simmering hostility to Western civilization.  Only the excellent illustrations save it from a one-star rating.  Instead of this book, try Marc Aronson's book "The World Made New."&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-World-Made-New-Why-the-Age-of-Exploration-Happened-and-How-It-Changed-the-World-Timelines-of-American-History/dp/0792264541/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The World Made New: Why the Age of Exploration Happened and How It Changed the World (Timelines of American History)</a>
808 I've been reading biographies of the founders and histories of early America as a pet project for a couple of years.  It's so funny -- most of my family knows I've been reading these biographies, so they'll ask me who I'm "doing" currently.  Answering "Gouverneur Morris" has led to some vaguely nodded heads.  It's ok -- I didn't know who the fellow was, either.  I picked the book up because Brookhiser is dependably good.  This biography is no exception.  The charms of the book are: Brevity. Good use of quoted letters and diaries. Entertaining anecdotes. Good-humored and inspiring portraiture.  Brookhiser calls a spade a spade -- he lauds Morris's strengths and deplores his weaknesses, showing the reader both without flinching.  And the result is an honest and engaging portrait of a person that I would wish to know.
809 I loved the storytelling phrasing and the narrative voice of this book.  It is a great book for reading out loud, even for kids who are "too big" for storybooks.  Satchel Paige was a great player, by any measure, maybe one of the greatest.  How he responded to segregation -- by simply being the BEST -- is a model for all people to follow.  Overcoming obstacles (poverty, prison, and discrimination) is a recurring theme in the book.  As a parent, I am less wild about reading how poorly Satchel Paige did once he was admitted into the Major Leagues, because he would not follow team rules (refusing to show up for team practices and arriving late for games...) I use that as a teachable moment with my boys to explain solid middle class values, like work ethic and reliability and humility and teamwork.  Great, great baseball book about a wonderful, talented, inspiring man.
810 My children love to have this read to them... I can practically recite it, but TELLING them the story means they miss out on the illustrations, and that is missing a lot.  The crocodile's clever plans have him posing as a coconut tree, a see-saw, an animal on a carousel, and a bench, and the illustrations make the story.  Sensational job.  This is good for all ages.
811 This is a great book.  It has a lot of text.  I think it's especially good for showing how people paid Danegeld to the Vikings to prevent invasions, and the maps show Viking territory gains and explorations/settlements.  It does a very good job discussing how Vikings governed themselves.
812 Genevieve Foster does amazing work.  Her book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Augustus-Caesar-s-World/dp/0964380323/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Augustus Caesar's World</a>&nbsp;"Augustus Caesar's World" was wide-ranging and meticulously researched and illustrated.  "1801" is equally well-researched and illustrated, but the scope is narrowed.  It is quick to read and very intersting.  Recommended for 5th grade history.
813 Diane Stanley can always be counted on to write an instructive text and create illustrations that evoke the time period.  The illustrations in this book use Renaissance techniques of perspective, lighting, and composition to subtly reinforce the message.  The book also reproduces sketches from Leonardo's journals and illustrates some of Leonardo's imaginary devices.  3rd graders and up can manage the long text independently.  This book presents very complete information, in a very readable way.  Here is a sample of the vocabulary: guild, career, abandon, meticulous, composition, linger, panel, three-dimensional, neutral, delicate, tedious, patron, fabulous, intellectual...  Cheerful, optimistic book.
814 This short book is fast paced, covers a lot of ground in Scotland, features tons of identity swapping, and is resolved at the end.  Great for teens.  Help them learn the basic template for a spy thriller.
815 I got these as motivational stickers for a child who is having trouble getting along with others.  He gets a compliment, he gets a sticker.  Soon he will outgrow stuickers as incentives, I know that.  Hopefully not before he starts shaving/dating though.  Heh.
816 This is an heroic little story told from the point of view of several different characters.  One of my children is practicing something similar in language arts, so the timing on this book is great.  And it's so entertaining -- borderline ridiculous -- but the story just keeps getting funnier and funnier.  Excellent illustrations by Paul Howard.  This one is a keeper.
817 Calm, sedate, methodical, trusted, valued - that is the Vivien Thomas of this book.  Your young scientist will learn a lot about self-control, courage, perseverance, and dignity from this biography.  Our aunt was a blue baby and was saved by open heart surgery, surgery pioneered by Thomas, so this story is personally meaningful for us.  Stay true to yourself and you can do big things for others.  What a great book!
818 Beautiful illustrations in the style of Roman murals set this text off beautifully.  This book portrays Cleopatra as a woman of charm, determination, and leadership.  It discusses her love affairs without passing judgment, and it deals with the politics of the Romans (who increasingly hated the sway she held over their generals) and the Alexandrians, who were devoted to her.  Good description of the Battle of Actium, including maps. Very good illustrations of Roman and Greek-Egyptian sailing vessels, clothing,  and palace life.  Great maps, and did I mention the beautiful illustrations?  Pronunciation guide at the back.  Very well done.
819 I like that this book is very gung-ho on America.  This is a great read-aloud book for young children.  We also have the Step 2 "Statue of Liberty" (by Lucille Recht Penner) for early readers, and the EXCELLENT "The Story of the Statue of Liberty" (Betsy and Giulio Maestro) that is more suitable for third grade & up book reports.  I recommend all three.  While they overlap on material, all three are very engaging and well-done.
820 Great starting book for very young grades.  It is good for reading aloud, and the illustrations are expert.  This book showcases cultures, artifacts, clothing, lodging, the useful and beautiful things made by the Indians, their technology, their trade partners, and their basic geographic regions.
821 America has one simple message: "Follow your individual dreams,hopes, and aspirations.  America provides all men, all women, of all religions, the opportunity to pursue life, liberty, and happiness."  Leftist control freaks hate your personal liberty.  Their first impulse is always verbal intimidation; their second is physical violence.  Quick reading; some quotable lines.  Mostly, it will make you smile to remember you are not alone.
822 This book showcases another great example of two important American trends:  1) the vital importance of education to black families in America  2) the incredible philanthropy of American capitalists, improving the nation.  Darling illustrations.  The text an illustrations work together to recreate a diferent era in America -- much more difficult conditions, much more individual initiative, much greater emphasis on real education.  Great book.
823 Don't skip the prologue, but understand that the second illustration past the prologue is a fabulous map.  It looks as though the map will be for reference for the entire story... but the map is prologue.  The story happens after the map.  This book is not just for children.  It will interest readers of every age who like a mystery.  Outstanding art from Peter Sis -- he never disappoints.
824 This is one of the best science readers I have ever encountered.  At stage 2, it is perfect for a first or second grader, and it is interesting all the way through to adults.  The illustrations are excellent and the text is clear.  The book includes an experiment for your kids to do, about the phases of the moon.  It's a great, simple experiment and I think we've done it four or five times.  It's just a superb book.
825 I live in the west and have traveled to many of these places, seen he layout of the land. It's good to read how the offense and defense were laid out. Many of these places could be attacked the same way today - little has changed. Likewise, many of these places could be successfully defended the same way. Interesting.  I wanted more on the Cheyennes and Apaches after reading this book.  Since reading this, I have had occasion to drive through the Jemez reservation - cool to connect that drive to this book.
826 i have a family of boys, and this is a nice sexy movie for everyone.  No major nudity.  Kevin Kline is adorable. The best part of the play, and of this movie, is the Pyramus and Thisbe sequence.  This movie does it justice - tremendously good.
827 This series, Childhood of Famous Americans, is great for fictionalized biographies of noteworthy people and role models.  The places and names of people seem biographical; many situations in the books are probably not.  We like this series very well.  The Frederick Douglass book was probably more biographical than most.  Douglass wrote two autobiographies, and I'm certain many of the accounts in the book are nonfiction.  This book conveys values and choices that children would do well to adopt. It emphasizes strong will, unfailing hope, determination, and self-respect.  Excellent.  I read the story out loud to my kids. I found myself editing the book for two reasons.  The first is that the dialog is punctuated with the exclamation, "Lord!"... and we try to keep our children from saying that.  The second is the violence throughout.  I think the violence is historically accurate, but very intense for early readers.  The beatings, the physical attacks, and always the threat of whippings and even death were very uncomfortable; some of the illustrations reflect a violence that I was unwilling to show my kids at this early age.  We read through it, and our takeaways were very good.  In the end, God used all those horrible, sad things that happened to Frederick in order to build him into a man of courage and strength, a man confident enough to advise the President of the United States, and a man who achieved his lifelong dream of freedom for himself and all Americans.  I recommend this book for more advanced readers, or maybe kids who have had more exposure to situations of human peril.  It was excellent, but as a parent, you will be the best judge of whether your kids are ready for this level of intensity.
828 Why is school such joyless drudgery? Because it is designed to be so: Chopping up interesting subjects and teaching them as trivial data instead of as big ideas; placing children in tedious rooms with their age-mates instead of letting them be outside with normal people; imposing a hierarchical power structure and then letting mean-spirited and snobbish competition thrive.  Why is it that wealthy people avoid having their children taught in state-standardized environments by certified, trained teachers?  The question answers itself, doesn't it?  From this book, the best reasons to homeschool are as follows: - so children won't be socialized - to allow children to learn (deep learning) - freedom - to treat the children as people, respecting their opinions, time, and interests - because healthy people learn naturally - to avoid school social situaltions and bullying (Read Emily Bazelon for more)&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sticks-and-Stones-Defeating-the-Culture-of-Bullying-and-Rediscovering-the-Power-of-Character-and-Empathy/dp/0812992806/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sticks and Stones: Defeating the Culture of Bullying and Rediscovering the Power of Character and Empathy</a>  I like the unschooling philosophy and I'm comfortable with my children.  This book (as oposed to many homeschool books) is NOT about parents maintaining order and authority over their children, or instilling discipline and controlling the will.  This book is more natural.
829 These larger tubes allow your inner expressionist to explore and experiment.  My son had a blast using these (in many combinations) to illustrate his history project.  white, black, red, yellow, blue, green
830 I'm a David Macaulay fan - his "Castle" and "Cathedral" are beautiful works of art and instruction, and his "The Way Things Work" is a masterpiece that my little inventors plunge into again and again.  But he is also a great visual storyteller, with "Black and White" and "Shortcut" being two of our favorites.  This book has two things going on.  The first is an archaeological dig on the site of a shipwreck - very interesting description of how archaeologists do their work, and especially the complications of underwater work.  This is first-rate.  All the illustrations are done in three colors in this modern-days section - black, white, and blue.  Midway through the book, a journal is discovered in the original Spanish shipyard, and the reader cruises into the day-by-day creation of a 16th century ship. (that part ties up so many loose ends, so neatly -- of course it never happens that way.  Focus instead on the shipbuilding technology)  These illustrations are full-color.  This is an excellent tie-in to our books on the Atlantic voyages of discovery - Columbus, Magellan and others.  Extremely interesting and thought-provoking.  Ah, what an illustrator can do!
831 Quite simply, this is a book about the origin, development, and uses of corn.  Explanations of the domestication of corn, the developmment of its varieties, and the ongoing farming of corn.  It shows how corn has been modified into a staple grain world-wide.  Great book.  Not just for little kids.
832 Do many Non-Homeschoolers seem to think homeschooled children are ill-adjusted misfits and oddballs?  Yes.  Do all Homeschoolers know this stereotype to be false?  Yes again.  If you are looking for a book to calm your fears about removing your children from traditional schooling, try John Holt's book "Teach Your Own" rather than this one.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Teach-Your-Own-The-John-Holt-Book-Of-Homeschooling/dp/0738206946/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Teach Your Own: The John Holt Book Of Homeschooling</a>
833 This is the same-old, same-old.  Who is the market for this book?  Just Obamadrones, I guess -- they are the only people who would find it reassuring to have the same worn-out excuses served up in book form.  Calling up old rock stars (Bob Dylan, Mick Jagger)for inspiration, quoting discredited economics writers (Karl Marx, Thomas Piketty, Barbara Ehrenreich) as expert sources, repeating worn-out and disproved leftist phrases (women earn 81 cents on the dollar! Social Security is fundamentally sound! deregulation caused the financial collapse of 2008!  the economy is steadily improving!), and banging the drum for Obamacare... this book is going nowhere.  Started to get interested when the book discussed work incentives to supplement retirement programs, lost interest when the book dismissed the idea.  Some fairly interesting profiles of older workers, but nothing you can't get from the AARP webpage.  More interesting books on taking charge of your career are: Black Faces in White Places&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Black-Faces-in-White-Places-10-Game-Changing-Strategies-to-Achieve-Success-and-Find-Greatness/dp/0814416802/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Black Faces in White Places: 10 Game-Changing Strategies to Achieve Success and Find Greatness</a> Me, Inc&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Me-Inc-Build-an-Army-of-One-Unleash-Your-Inner-Rock-God-Win-in-Life-and-Business/dp/0062322613/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Me, Inc.: Build an Army of One, Unleash Your Inner Rock God, Win in Life and Business</a>  [No index.]
834 Launch the barrels down the ramp. Help the dwarves escape from their cells. Get the elves intoxicated.  And "roll, roll, roll them down the hole."  Now we totally want a set with Laketown and Bard and Smaug.
835 The doings of the whaleship Essex make for spell-binding reading, and Nathaniel Philbrick did a great job with the personalities and conflicts.  The ship sinks early in the book and the tiny whaleboats drift for many chapters.  Philbrick seems to be looking for controversy and, finding none, having to drum some up:  1) The book is  down on Quakers -- condemning as hypocritical their business sense and profits.  I don't know enough about Quakers to know whether they spoke publicly against prosperous business decisions, and Philbrick certainly did not inform me of any proof along these lines.  2) The sexual needs of the wives of seagoing men took up quite a few pages -- what? They were Quakers?  Obviously Quaker women shouldn't have sexual needs, right?  Did the author possibly confuse Quakers with Shakers?  Shakers demanded celibacy.  3) The book also seeks to make a scandal of the insular nature of Nantucketers.  Color me shocked, I guess, that island people are insular and take care of their own.  Lastly, it isn't a surprise to learn that the black sailors on board the Essex ate worst and died first.  The book "Black Hands, White Sails"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Black-Hands-White-Sails/dp/0439168457/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Black Hands, White Sails</a>&nbsp;spells out the unappealing career options available for many northern black men at this time -- I recommend reading that book to see why whaling was chosen by so many freedmen and escaped blacks.  Best for capturing the states of mind of the men as they deteriorate, and the disastrous consequnce of having weak leadership in a crisis, the book was an entertaining and memorable read.  Thanks, Mr. Philbrick.
836 Its so funny to see pre-President trump in so many of hear cartoons. He was big in New York way before he ran for president.  Delonas is no fan of Bush, Obama, or Islam.  Good for high school civics/journalism/current events
837 We gave this as a gift to a child who starred in a production of Cinderella.  It is a very pretty little pumpkin coach, and the wheels move. It comes in a box to protect it.  Approximately 4" from front to back.
838 This book lives up to its promise - fast to read, entertaining, some good advice.  Enjoy it for yourself!  Also read Black Faces in White Places.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Black-Faces-in-White-Places-10-Game-Changing-Strategies-to-Achieve-Success-and-Find-Greatness/dp/0814416802/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Black Faces in White Places: 10 Game-Changing Strategies to Achieve Success and Find Greatness</a>
839 Great, inexpensive solution for the workshop/garage, where mr junior fixit wanted to hang some photos from his collection. These are lightweight and the "glass" is plastic. Worry-free.
840 All righty.  Book 1 was left with an unfinished feeling, and not much happened.  I picked up Book 2 thinking the plot would develop... and it did get slightly more interesting, with some of the characters becoming a little more understandable... but I think I am on the hook for Book 3 now.  Cute illustrations, lots of advertising slogans.  Not much plot.  No objectionable language.  Some vulgar humor (vomit).  There's nothing here my kids shouldn't read... but there's nothing much here for my kids TO READ.
841 My 8-year-old loves to read, and he loves inventing.  We have read a LOT of biographies of Ben Franklin, the Wright brothers, Thomas Edison, etc.  This is the best Edison biography we have read so far, and the child has re-read it two or three times.  I like that there are a few illustrations per chapter -- not full page pictures, but enough to visually represnt the story.  I'm a visual mom.  I've just ordered Leonardo daVinci in this series for summer reading.
842 I was lucky enough to find this book at my public library.  I got a teaser on this from the interesting book "Museum".  This book was the Metropolitan Museum exhibit catalog from 2005, by Laurence Kanter.  It brings together an unbelievably complete selection of works -plus scholarship that is second-to-none.  325 pages, 95% of the art is reproduced in color.  Extraordinary accomplishment.  Finding all these works and convincing the owners to lend it to the Met must have been a tremendous undertaking.  Some of the writing is a bit inside-baseball.  I think that's required these days to keep out the peasants.  :/
843 These slippers have thick, durable soles that do not wear out on rough surfaces.  This is great if your child occasionally wears them outside.  Easy to put on and take off, even for very little children.
844 Great movie - a remake that is immeasurably better than the original.  This is a delight to watch - the Coen Brothers and the cast obviously had a good time making it.  The little girl is sensational.
845 Picking the book up, I thought the child on the cover was Amelia Earhart -- same mop of hair, same smile.  We've read an awful lot of aviation story books, so I must have Amelia on my mind.  Anyway, this book is about a BOY who is tall and gangly like President Lincoln, and who gets teased.  The teasers get scolded in the story, never fear!  Our favorite part is the pencil sketches of the president behind the color illustrations.  And we really like the illustration of the family at the Lincoln Memorial.  Nice first-person, doesn't-quite-fit-in-but-happy-to-be-himself narrator.
846 EB White writes children's fiction in a groundbreaking way.  Without talking down to kids, he engages the imagination and sense of humor and creates brand-new worlds.  Everyone knows Charlotte's Web, but "Stuart Little" and "The Trumpet of the Swan" deserve a read, too.  Stuart Little is the mouse-like child of a normal family in New York City.  Courageous and independent, he undertakes heroic tasks as he becomes a young man.  He is helpful and tidy and mannerly, and his story is a treasure.  EB White demonstrates his eloquence and poetry in "Stuart Little" in a way that isn't as obvious in his other books.  The ending of Stuart Little becomes especially dreamlike, and it leaves a wonderful opening that lets your little one imagine what might happen next.  GREAT for homeschool families -- little ones can draw a scene or draw what happens next; older kids can write new endings.
847 The Sharks and the Dysons of this world have revolutionized the vacuum cleaner, leaving merely good vacuum cleaners struggling for recognition. This Dirt Devil does not have the turning radius of the Shark or the Science Fiction lines of the Dyson, but this is a very solid, completely reliable vacuum cleaner that suffers the great flaw of working pretty much like it always has. It doesn' t feel new or familiar, and doesn't have any bells or whistles, It also doesn't offer anything especially  unique or unusual. It is simply a new style old fashioned upright cleaner with the expected attachments and hoses. They vacuum carpets and, if really needed. They don't do anything unexpected even if there has been an attempt to make it look otherwise. They do what you expect it to do and do it well if not spectacularly. It will get the job done, but not much more than that. And it is all going to do this at a fraction of the cost of the Dyson or Shark. So maybe it sells to a different demographic, but will still appeal to the college student moving into a gym and needs his first vac or to a couple moving in together for the for the first time. Maybe they dream of a Shark but they get the Dirt Devil. It doesn't make a fashion statement, but it keeps things clean, and because it has no bags it doesn't create a mess or cost anyone too much money. The Dirt Devil is a classic with a whole lot more life left in it
848 I'm probably grading this slightly on the curve because it gets so much better as it goes along.  And, as they say, the plot thickens.  The first few issues introduce us to Tommy Taylor and his sad little life.  As a child he was the model for a series of kid's novels about Tommy Taylor, boy wizard, who was aided by two friends who bear a sharp resemblance to Ron and Hermione and a flying cat.  There is even a Voldemort equivalent, the evil vampire Count Ambrosio.  At first, you think that the Harry Potter resemblance is pretty much all there is going to be to the book, but the plot, as they say, quickly thickens.  The heart of the story is not wizards and vampires, but the act of writing and the role of stories in our lives.  As of the most recent issue (I write this shortly after having read Issue No. 9) it isn't clear what all the threads are leading to, but we know that there is a centuries old conspiracy connected to great writing.  The key will certainly turn out to be Tommy's map of places where great fictional events took place, but the identity of the mysterious organization behind it has yet to be revealed or all of their purposes determined.  This marvelous series is still in its early stages and is going to be with us for a while.  If you haven't started reading this, you need to.  It is going to be another great series in the best Vertigo tradition.
849 I love merino wool socks and this is a superb value. You get six pairs for a surprisingly low price. One would do well to ask, are they good socks? Luckily they are outstanding. So you get great socks at a great price. Highly recommended.
850 Donald Barthelme is one of the very few masters of the short short story. The only others that come to mind are Saki, Borges, and Franz Kakfa. Few of the stories in this collection extend past three pages. All are marked by the same virtues evident throughout the collection: surreality, inventiveness, enormous humor, a sensitivity to our collective culture. Some have commented on the collection being uneven. Perhaps. But the stories are quite diverse, and I suspect that what some find uneven is actually their diversity, some of them appealing more to one's particular bias more than others. This is a great collection for shaking up your perception, for making you reconceptualize the short story form. Anyone liking these stories should go on to try some Saki (the author, not the beverage). Although not as surreal as Barthelme, his stories are just as short, just as funny, and just as delightful.
851 This is one of those products that looks good in photos, but looks even better in person. I'm a massive fan of all things Lenox, but perhaps my favorite Lenox products are those with a holiday theme. The Christmas tree ornaments are particularly delightful, but even more so, things like this cookie jar are absolutely brilliant. The "station wagon" is a nice size that can hold a couple of dozen cookies. It looks fantastic and both adults and kids will love it. But please don't fill this with store-bought cookies! A cookie jar this magnificent deserves homemade cookes, especially my favorite, chocolate chip cookies with pecans.
852 The other great goodnight book is, of course, GOODNIGHT MOON.  But this is every bit as good as that classic, although much less known.  It is also one of the most extraordinarily illustrated children's books of any type. This is also one of the very best books I know for children who have a bit of trouble going to sleep at night.  It is masterful at presenting calming, peaceful, positive images of going to bed.  The story is so simple that even a two-year-old can completely grasp it.  Grandfather Twilight each night, accompanied by his German Shepherd, takes a single pearl out of his chest, walks to the shore, and places the pearl, which becomes the moon, in the sky.  He then returns to his bed, with twilight descending upon the world, and goes to bed. The details in the illustrations are exquisite.  My daughter loved, for instance, finding the dog and the cat on each page.  This remained one of our nonoptional nighttime books for at least two years.  I think it will be among the favorites of any preschooler, as well as their parents.  I do believe that this is among the best-illustrated books for young children ever produced.
853 It is a shame that this book is out of print, because it is one of those books that I would love to recommend to friends to read.  The book is many things at once:  provocative, sexy, imaginative, fun, sad.  The back cover features a blurb comparing him to Pynchon, Nabokov, and DeLillo.  Although I don't see the comparison to Nabokov, I would add my own comparisons:  J. G. Ballard (especially books like CRASH and VERMILLION SANDS), William S. Burroughs, and even Neal Stephenson.  The authors mentioned would prepare a would-be reader for the unexpected and the unusual; it might not prepare the reader for the beauty of his prose. I fully expect this book to be in print again in the near future.  Until then, I would urge any fan of literature to search this book out and read it.  It is often beautiful, frequently haunting, and always original.
854 I am not a "gun guy." I think the second amendment was not about the right of individuals to own guns, but about states to form militias (if you read it, it is the only one of the ten amendments comprising the Bill of Rights that addresses the rights of STATES rather than individuals). Nonetheless, I'm extremely interested in history and I love the growth of technology, and there is no way that one can grasp changes in history without wanting to know more about firearms. [And just to boast for a second, I'm a dead shot with a rifle and was invited to join my college rifle team - that was back when I had 20-15 vision and before years of reading ravaged my eyes, but at the time lining up a rifle with a target just seemed inconceivably easy. But let me be honest, the real appeal of this book is not what it tells you about history or even about the development of firearms, but the incredibly purdy pictures. If you have ever owned a DK publication, you know that they produce gorgeous books.  There is another reason to get this book and that is it features nearly any gun that a protagonist or villain in mysteries or spy thrillers wields. I was rereading one of the Sheriff Longmire books and was delighted when I was able to find photos of two ofthe guns mentioned.  I strongly recommend this to anyone and not just to someone interested in guns. It is just a beautiful book, fun to look at and instructional to read. But most of all, its just fun to look at the pictures.
855 In DREAMER a hermit tells clinical dream researcher Jody Nightwood that she should consult a shaman about dreams, because the encounter with completely alternative views about her field of study could shake up her way of thinking and provoke new insight.  I think that is more or less what Jack Butler is trying to do with his readers.  This is a novel of juxtapositions:  of the mundane and ordinary with the occult and concealed.  Nightwood believes her world is common enough, but even as she gains new insight into the complexity of her own life, she has no conception of the complex drama unfolding around her. This is a novel of many virtues.  Butler is a master of evoking a sense of place.  I have never been to Santa Fe (where the novel takes place) or even seen photographs of it, but from reading the novel I have an idea of what the city must look and feel like (it may be a wrong idea, but at least it is a very definite impression).  The city and its locale became much more concrete for me than the other great novel that I have read about Santa Fe (DEATH COMES FOR THE ARCHBISHOP).  And for all the fantastical elements in the book--CIA operatives, shamans, vivid dreams, vampires--he is at his very best at describing the most ordinary of events.  Sitting at home making dinner, going out with friends to dinner, meetings with relatives, meeting new people:  these were my favorite moments in the book. Anyone interested in contemporary fiction owes it to themselves to read this book.  A marvelous read.
856 Victorinox has made its name selling inexpensive yet high quality knives, enabling people on a budget to own superb carbon steel knives. You can definitely get a better knife, only not at this price. This knife, in other words, would be part of a set someone starting off can build. Unless you just feel that this knife - along with several others made by Victorinox - can be the last one of its kind you will ever need.  In short, this knife could permanently fill your need for a skinning knife, or it could be an interim knife if you are a gourmet on a budget. You can get this one now and enjoy a high quality knife and later get a more expensive one. Either way, this is another excellent knife from perhaps the best manufacturer of inexpensive knives aroun.
857 In a way, this is an odd little product - a mobile device recharger that also functions as an LED lantern.  In a way, it is an odd little combo. I mean, did the universe cry out, demanding a recharger / LED lamp? Well, maybe not. But that doesn't mean it isn't a bit better off for its existing. Comparable chargers that are just as good are 1) much heavier and 2) don't have the LED feature. I also haven't seen a recharger that is this small. All in all on a number of fronts, this is the best charger that I have come across. It also is a bit cheaper than the best rechargers.  Even though I feel a tad odd about the schizophrenic nature of the gadget, there is no doubt that both of the things it does, it does exceptionally well. And let me add one thing about having a gadget do two things: we are beginning to be overwhelmed by gadgets. I have two gadget bags that I carry in two pouches in my backpack. They are both stuffed to overflowing. So combining two into one helps cut back on the number odds and ends. And gives you a really nice charger.
858 I'm giving this a five star rating in the sense of "Does the trick" rather than "Lots of fun - let's be sure to do this again." Kaplan has had a major foot in the test prep market for over 30 years now. Well, probably longer than that; I've only known about them for 30 years.  I got this as an encouragement gift to a nephew who is just about to finish nursing school and is about to begin cramming for his registration exam. If you have ever used a Kaplan prep book, you know what to expect in terms of the book, practice exams, and online tools. The book won't do the work for you, but it will help organize better the materials that you will need to master to be able to pass your exam.
859 This is in the opinion of many the finest military atlas ever published dealing with American wars. A few things must be kept in mind. One is that it is intended for use in classes at West Point dealing with armies and ground troops. As a result, some battles that have no relevance to the Army are omitted. One reviewer is shocked that Pearl Harbor isn't mentioned. If you grasp what the atlas was intended for, it would be shocking if  Pearl Harbor were to be included in the atlas. There is no strategy in that attack that involves the Army or ground troops. And some amphibious operations get omitted or only lightly covered. The maps are among some of the most accurate and clear ever produced for studying battles. You can grasp more easily here how battles progressed than in many lesser atlases. I have only a couple of complaints with it. One is that the atlas was produced a generation or two ago. It would be nice to see it updated with the latest printing  techniques. I would also like to see a bit more geological detail.  I would also like to add, however, that this spiral bound version of the atlas is exceptionally easy to use. I have the original two-volume edition of the complete West Point Atlas, and while it is invaluable as a resource, it is so gigantic that it is almost impossible to use. But this volume is a delight to use. I usually hold the book that I am reading in one hand, reading about the battle while I have the atlas open to the particular battle that I'm reading about. All in all, one of the essential reference works for studying the wars of America.
860 I was a big fan of Mark Kozelek, both with his former band Red House Painters and as a solo performer (though performing under the name Sun Kil Moon). An objective sign of my love "Tonight the Sky" and only a few spots below that is "Lost Verses."  What makes their high rank more interesting is that both songs are around ten minutes long, which means that they not only got more plays than the several thousand other songs on my iPod, but vastly more minutes as well.  But they are entrancing, hypnotic and pensive.  They also sound like Kozelek wrote them after a listening binge in which he replayed Neil Young's ZUMA 59,000 times.  Actually, a lot of the songs on the album sound more than a little like Neil, which is obviously not at all a bad thing.  While I love a lot of Kozelek's prior work - in particular Red House Painter's first two albums and OCEAN BEACH and Sun Kil Moon's GHOSTS OF THE HIGHWAY - this is definitely my favorite of his entire output.  And like I said, an album you can listen to over and over again.
861 This is a great little gadget that does a great job of extending my ability to playing music on my various devices. In particular, I am able to play far more music on things like my Kindle Fire and Samsung Galaxy S4. The past few years has seen an explosion of gadgets of one sort or another. Many of the ones I have I don't make much use of, but his one has already become of of my more widely used items. Definitely a recommended itm.
862 These are very well made bankers boxes. That said, I have my doubts about bankers boxes, especially for moving. Bankers boxes are pretty decent for story 8 x 11 paper. But a lid doesn't help much for a box you want to use for moving. Lids come off quite easily and having to fold a lid multiples the tony moving time if, like I do, have to employ maybe 200 boxes when I move. 200 x however many second per lid is a not small amount of time. Plus lids keep getting lost or damaged. It is hard to mess a box up to the point where you can't fold the flaps on the top to lose it. But even a marginally damaged lid is unusable.  All that said, I like the manufacturer. Fellowes makes some great moving boxes. If you like Fellows, what I would recommend is looking for a standard, non-bankers box design by the same manufacturer and getting that instead. All in all I think you will find it less of a headache. If, however, you are looking to store a few papers in the attic or in a closet, these would be fine. I just think that cardboard boxes with lids have a limited use. Let me add that I have a 9,000 book library and if you think that is apropos of nothing, think about all the cardboard boxes I've had to fill with those books over the years. I frankly don't bother to keep bankers boxes for book storage or shipping.
863 Mark Blyth in this superb book engages in the demolition of the inexplicably popular idea of governmental austerity as a way of correcting the worldwide financial problems. Amid an international financial crisis caused almost entirely by the private sector, the world has somehow been sold the story that the only way to solve the world's economic problems is by governments, whose spending is blamed for a crisis that they did not cause. One of the marvels of our age has been how the Right has been able to sell the public on a long string of absurd economic ideas. George H. W. Bush describing Reagan's revision of trickle down economics as "Voodoo Economics" described it as well as anyone.  As Blyth explains, those pushing forward the idea of austerity represent those who contend that federal economic policy should be built around suppliers and not demand, around entrepreneurs and producers, and not consumers. As a result, we've seen decades of an economic fundamentalism that builds all policy around the very wealthy and by completely ignoring the middle class, which is both shrinking and losing economic power.  This is one of the better books on the present world economic situation and should be considered essential reading. The world is at a point of crisis and the last thing we need is continuing with a catastrophic policy that restricts economic recovery and increases economic inequality.
864 I own several fleece throws but this is far and away the most comfortable one that I own.  It is so soft that you'll just want to feel it against your skin.  I received this at my P.O. Box at the post office branch near where I work.  When I showed it to my coworkers, all of them were impressed with how nice it was and agreed that it was a superior product.  OK, so what is up with the previous 8 or 9 reviews?  Without the past 8 or 9 reviews this would have more like a 5 star rating instead of a 4.  Since none of these reviews are truthful about the product you can only wonder what in the heck is going on.  I've had no trouble with static electricity with it (even though I live in a city where the air gets VERY dry during the winter), it doesn't shed, it is no thinner than any of the other fleece throws I've seen (folks, it is a throw, not a blanket!), and is the same size as all the other throws I own.  It is possible that there was a bad batch, but the one I have has none of the problems others claim to have had.  It is, however, suspicious that suddenly people are making all these claims when few made them before.  But the one I got I don't just like, I love.  It is soft, very pleasant, and does everything that it claims.
865 I recently rewatched THE IRON GIANT after having seen it twice the year it first came out. I didn't know the name Brad Bird when it was first released, but it clearly signaled the arrival of a major new talent. Based on a children's story by the poet Ted Hughes, the film relates the story of an alien robot that inadvertently arrives on planet earth during the height of the Cold War. Though a formidable weapon, the giant robot prefers spending its time play with the young boy who first discovers it. A government agent, however, has a different idea, and is intent on confiscating it for use by the military. This may seem like thin stuff upon which to hand a feature length animated film, but it is all done so cleverly that it feels like it is ending too soon. This was, by the way, one of the earliest things that most of us ever encountered Vin Diesel in. This is a great movie to show any child, and has a happy ending at the very end after a climax that seems to promise an unhappy one. THE IRON GIANT is one of those obscure gems that more kids . . . and adults . . . ought to know.
866 I have a coffee maker that takes K Cups, but I can't say I am a coffee drinker. The unit I bought came with 60 cups and I have yet to drink them all. I just don't like coffee. Nonetheless, I did like this particular blend. This will appeal to people who, like myself, prefer milder blends. The design of the cup was new to me, with a bag holding the coffee underneath the top of the "cup". (Should we call these "K Bags"?  I didn't like this feature since I have a stand that I have my Keurig and these simply don't store very well. Moreover, if any moisture gets into the drawers holding the coffee, I'm afraid that the coffee will get wet, resulting not just in ruined bags, but a real mess.
867 I had mixed reactions to this book. I missed it as a kid, and as an adult I have read too many other books to miss its shortcomings. Now, reading it as an adult, I find I have two major objections to the book, difficulties with central elements that impede my enjoyment of it.  First, there is the book's personification of animals.  I don't enjoy books where the author projects human emotions and instincts into nonhuman animals. Too many of Buck's actions were inexplicable as as a dog but explicable as a human. The second difficulty lies the poor understanding of animal behavior that the book projects. London didn't have the benefit of the work of ethologists like Konrad Lorenz and David Mech, but as readers we do, and their work makes much of the behavior of Buck unfathomable. Finally, like the vast majority of people, I find Social Darwinism to be both unpalatable and outmoded. Philosophically, this book harkened from a completely different generation.  Today we have trouble accepting survival of the fittest modes of thought. On the other hand, despite these shortcomings and the naive philosophy, London does manage to tell a nice story, and I did find myself caring about what happened to Buck.
868 My one complaint with this collection is that it is only a bit over 150 pages long. I had previously read only two novels by Lethem and none of his short stories. I had read and loved both MOTHERLESS BROOKLYN and FORTRESS OF SOLITUDE, but based on this one collection, I'm not sure that I might not like Lethem more in the short story form. It definitely makes me want to check out more stories.  The best story in the collection is the title one, which is almost long enough to be considered a novella than a long short story. But all of the stories in the collection are winners. But I do remain perplexed that they published such a short book. Perhaps Lethem does not intend to write any short stories in the near future and felt inclined to go ahead and publish these now rather than wait to be able to publish a longer book. I obviously don't know. But I did feel regret when I managed to read this in an afternoon. I did order CHRONIC CITY upon ending this and it further cemented Lethem as an author who I intend to continue to read in the future.
869 I've now had the My Book for over a month and thought I would add my review to the others.  People seem to be having some quite different experiences with this.  Mine has been consistently positive.  Some complain about the noise.  Mine makes virtually no noise.  Perhaps this is because of the way I use it.  I use the My Book exclusively for data storage.  I put photos, camcorder videos, and music files on it.  I have not installed any programs on it and never will.  I suspect that some of those who have problems with it making noise have made the mistake of installing programs onto it.  If you use it only for storage, it should make very little noise.  Running programs off it would also cause it to run hotter and wear out more quickly.  I have two cats and so am also concerned with the effect their fur could have on it.  So I would never consider it for anything other than storage.  All in all, I couldn't be happier with this.  You get a huge amount of storage for very little cash outlay.  Used properly (i.e., for storage only, not to run programs) I expect this to be with me for quite some time to come.  But I also am using them only for back up.  I have all the same data on an internal hard drive.  It is the only smart way to go.
870 I have to confess that there is a bit of a learning curve for me in controlling this car, but I can already tell that control will come with time. The plastic body of the car is just gorgeous. If you take good care of this and don't damage it, you can easily display this on a shelf as a decorative object. I live on a large circle - not a cul-de-sac - and it is a great place to put the car through it's paces. It has also become a bit of a toy my dog gets a huge kick out of. He isn't quite sure what makes it move around, but it is an object of endless fascination to him. The car is extremely fast and on a flat asphalt surface can really open up.  One thing you must be careful about is the battery life. The controller takes two Triple  A  batteries while the car itself takes a stunning half  dozen AA batteries. So I would strongly recommend going the rechargeable battery route. Otherwise this is just going to eat up a huge number of batteries.  The only thing I can't quite address is durability. Remote control cars can typically absorb a huge amount of damage and this one certainly looks like it could. While the body is very attractive it is also quite simple, so you won't see parts falling off after routine collisions.  So all in all this is a great looking remote control car. Get your self a battery  recharger and have yourself some fun.
871 Mind you, my first choice to bring WONDER WOMAN into the 21st Century is Joss Whedon, who would not only manage to update our heroine but completely reimagine it. But this updating is based not on William Marston's original Wonder Woman, but later updatings. So while it doesn't break any new ground, it covers the familiar one is very satisfying fashion.  The best thing about the movie is that while it covers the Wonder Woman origin story as well as you might hope, they also work in a nice story, with god of war Ares attempting to destroy the world, while Diana strives to prevent him. And the story is also enlivened by numerous moments of wit and intelligence. The entire production is several notches above just about any other animated superhero film.  The voice over talent is uneven and is the weakest part of the film. In the two lead roles we have the stars of WAITRESS reunited. Nathan Fillion is outstanding as Steve, but I was mildly disappointed with Keri Russell as Diana (I love Keri Russell as a rule and think we need many, many more movies with her). Alfred Molina and Oliver Platt are both excellent as Ares and Hades respectively, while Virginia Madsen is great as Hippolyta, but far too many of the supporting talent disappoints.  Still, this is a highly entertaining film. It doesn't correct the unjustified neglect of Woman Woman, one of the greatest of DC heroes (along with Superman and Batman, one of the Big Three) by DC in producing their movies. But it at least is a step in the right direction. Now if they will only go back to Joss Whedon and ask him once more to make a feature length film
872 This is an outstanding toy for small children. I got this for a baby girl who is perhaps two or three months away from being able to ride it. However, her older brother, who is four, decided it was better suited for him. Now, I think he'll share with his sister once she gets a little bit older, but I think it speaks to the appeal of this toy. He has a regular tricycle, but he feels a little ill at ease with it. My bet is that he is going to feel so comfortable with this one that he will quickly get his confidence up to try a big boy tricycle. So I suppose the moral of the story is that a great tricycle is a great tricycle even if put to use in ways differently than the way intended.
873 I moved into a house last summer after living in either rental apartments or dorms since graduating college in 1975. It is a great little house with a large back yard that the former owner apparently made no effort to take care of. Only about 70% of the yard had grass on it when I moved in and most of that 70% was actually weed. So since last August I've had to engage in a delicate dance between killing off part of my lawn while trying to grow desirable grass as a replacement. To make matters worse, the area bordering on the two houses on each side has a lot of really tough growth that won't succumb to something that will merely kill off crabgrass. So I've been trying to kill off stuff with gnarly roots, lots of clover, crabgrass, dandelions, and a host of things that I wouldn't know the name for.  So I've been using Scotts turf builder and seeds to try and create desirable grass while using Ortho to kill off the undesirable stuff. Has it worked? So far I've had mixed results. I've managed to kills off some of the undesirable while growing some that is desirable. I haven't gotten as far as I would like, but if ever there was a race that was a marathon and not a sprint, it is growing a lawn. Each time I use one of the Ortho lawn products I make a little headway against the weeds. I don't expect that a single use of any of them will eliminate my problems, but I do expect that I will continue to make progress.
874 With a lesser cast, this might not have been the film it is.  The script, while good, is not conducive to making a great film.  In fact, if one stands back and thinks about the film as a whole, nothing really stands out in any way, except the cast. This is a movie that is redeemed and made excellent by the actors themselves.  William Powell in particular shines in this one, along with the always-delightful Myrna Loy.  How many films did those two make together?  They were so intensely identified with one another that when Powell made THE SENATOR WAS INDISCREET and they needed a cameo stand in for his wife, Loy made uncredited appearance.  Spencer Tracy is his usual excellent self, and Jean Harlow, in one of the last films she made before her tragic death, is excellent as the much-misused fianc&eacute;/wife of Tracy and Powell.  Ironically, although many assumed that Powell and Loy were married to each other, Powell and Harlow had an affair, and were engaged to be married when she died of untreated uremic poisoning.  Walter Connolly, who adorned some of the finest film comedies of the 1930s, also excels as Myrna Loy's father. All in all, not a great movie in itself, but a movie made great by several star performances.
875 EXTERMINATOR! A NOVEL is without any question my favorite William S. Burroughs book. The "A Novel" of the title must surely be ironic, because the book is not in any recognizable sense a novel. It is a collection of largely unconnected sketches and scenes. Not every section is a masterpiece, but several are among the most surreal and brilliant things that Burroughs ever wrote. And for anyone who has not previously read any Burroughs, it is a brilliant introduction.  I personally find it far more accessible and enjoyable than NAKED LUNCH, which, while it has many fine passages, nonetheless can at times become tedious. Although by and large the various parts are unconnected, several are focused on the 1968 Democratic convention in Chicago. In particular, the amazingly creative and hysterically funny "The Coming of the Purple Better One" takes that as its locale. The "Purple Better One" of the title refers to a baboon that is placed upon the convention podium, and upon whose face is superimposed the face of a white Southern, racist politician, whose recorded speech is then played. It is one of the more bizarre, brilliant, and absurd scenes in recent American literature. Another favorite is "The Discipline of DE," the DE standing for "Do Easy." The story is a strange blend of Zen Buddhist tract and self-help manifestation. Other favorites include the title story, with the narrator/exterminator repeating ominously "You want the service?" and a supposed film treatment "Twilight's Last Gleamings." The collection features many of the themes usually associated with Burroughs: Sci-fi, fantasy, drugs, usual medical practices and phenomena, governmental nefariousness, and the corruption of capitalistic life.
876 I've had several of Western Digital's My Passports and each one has been a little bit smaller and a little bit lighter. They also over time upgraded from USB 2.0 to 3.0.  Now they have integrated the drive more and more with Cloud back up. I personally detest the Cloud. But if you aren't anti-Cloud, that can be seen as a big advantage.  One huge improvement in this drive from previous versions is the weight. The first My Passport was heavy enough that if it fell off a table that my laptop was also on that it risked damaging the slots. Or its own weight hitting the floor could damage itself. Now it is so light that if it falls off, it merely dangles in the air, the cord easily holding it. And if it hits the floor, it is at no risk of damage. I also like its new smaller size and weight for the simple reason that with the ever increasing number of gadgets I carry about with me, I appreciate savings in space and weight.  I loved the earlier My Passports. I remain a big fan and heartily recommend this.
877 I needed a new pair of back up earphones.  The Shure EC2s that I had been using had after four years developed a short in the cord.  The Klipsch Custom-2s that I have been using as my main earphones, though only a little over a year old, are showing some serious signs of wear and tear (and with only a one-year warranty not replaceable).  Given the low cost of these Sennheisers (and the excellent history I've had with them since I purchased my first Sennheiser headphones about thirty years ago) I thought getting these as backups was a safe investment.  I couldn't be happier.  In fact, given the battered state of my Klipsch earphones, I'm prematurely retiring them and using these Sennheisers.  The sound is about 90% as good as the Klipsch earphones, which cost 8 or 9 times more.  Actually, most of the time the sound is better, since I've always had a great deal of trouble getting the Klipsch earphones to rest properly in my ear, which meant a loss of sound quality.  The Sennheisers are far more comfortable than the Klipsch earphones and I love the much longer cord.  In short, these earphones are a bargain in every sense of the word.  I do want to upgrade to a higher quality pair of earphones, but I've been so delighted with these that I'm definitely going to stick with Sennheiser.  I don't know which ones that I am going to get, but I do know that Sennheiser is going to be on the label.  If you are looking for a very good pair of very inexpensive earphones, I couldn't recommend these more strongly.
878 When you take this Western Digital My Passport Edge external hard drive out of the case, you are immediate struck by how unbelievably thin it is. And with thinness comes lightness. If you are looking for a portable hard drive, with emphasis on portable, this could be the perfect drive for you. It is not just convenient, but fast. If you own a tablet or laptop and want additional storage space, this could be the perfect solution.  Personally, I am a heavy user of media, especially movies, comic books, and music, and because there are so many dead spots where I try to watch movies or read comic books, I have never felt comfortable with the Cloud. Also, call me paranoid, but I feel psychologically happier having my media under my direct control. I currently primarily use a laptop for all of these purposes, but plan on getting the new 8.9 inch HD Kindle Fire (partly for watching videos, mainly for reading comic books) when it becomes available in November 2012. This drive will become absolutely crucial, since the storage space on the Kindle Fire, like all tablets, is minuscule.  Just to note, while this is primarily intended for Macs, this can also be used on Windows-based computers. Just go to Start and then Help and Support, and search for "format hard drive." You'll find info on how to reformat it. But under ideal circumstances, you'll use this with a Mac, given technological enhancements available to Macs that you don't get on Windows machines. Still, if you own a tablet or laptop and need more storage space to hold your media, this will be an outstanding option. I highly recommend it.
879 This movie is so many things:  unrepentantly dumb, excruciatingly silly, utterly without shame in doing absolutely anything to get a laugh.  No movie ever made has as many jokes as this one, and even if half of them fail, the other half cannot fail but delight all but the dullest and most serious of souls.  So many of the jokes in this film have become part of the odd vocabulary of my laugh.  If I meet someone named Clarence, I have to repress the desire to ask, "Do we have clearance, Clarence?"  And though I am about the most drug free person in America, at frustrating moments I have often said, "What a week to give up sniffing glue."  And who can think of gladiator movies, blow up dolls, singing nuns, Hare Krishnas, sunglasses, red/white zones, anyone named Victor, war trauma, meters running on cabs, drinking problems, or, of course, anyone named Shirley in the same way after this movie? The movie isn't perfect, but who the [heck] cares?  I have seen my fair share of "art" films and black and white films (my favs primarily tend to be 30s and 40s Hollywood comedies) and subtitled imports, but there is a lot to be said for a film that just wants to make us laugh like mad.  I would never, ever put this on any list of the best movies ever made, but I would without hesitation put it on a short list of the most enjoyable.
880 The number of uses to which memory foam seems almost limitless at times. Many of my shoes have memory foam inserts while my bed is a memory foam mattress. I have a shredded memory foam pillow (highly recommended - and much better than a non-shredded memory foam pillow) and a Laz-E-Boy recliner with memory foam padding. I used to have a memory foam topper for my old mattress. I even have a memory foam pad in my car to increase comfort while driving. And now I have a shredded memory foam reading pillow. This is, I have to say, the most surprising good use to which I've seen memory foam put to date. Frankly I didn't at first think it was going to be very good, after I took it from the packaging, but I forgot that memory foam takes a day or so to expand properly. Once it had (after about 36 hours), this became my all time favorite reading pillow. This now gives me the ultimate in comfort while I read sitting in my bed.
881 For me, the question of whether or not a beach chair is any good hangs on how it compares to  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tommy-Bahama-Backpack-Cooler-Chair-with-Storage-Pouch-and-Towel-Bar-300-LBS-Capacity-red/dp/B003F8UDBA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tommy Bahama Backpack Cooler Chair with Storage Pouch and Towel Bar 300 LBS Capacity-red</a>&nbsp;and in this case it did not compare very well at all. The greatest thing about the Tommy Bahama chair is that I doubt if very many people would find it the least bit uncomfortable. It is a glorious combination practical and comfortable design. The Sport-Brella chair, on the other hand, is both not terrible practical and not very comfortable. For one thing, the bars that make up its frame cannot be easily kept out of the way, but instead always seem to be resting uncomfortably against my back or legs. And the strap holding up one fo the straps extending to the footrest broke the very first time I used the chair. I believe that some people might find this to be  comfortable, but for me within a few minutes my back was on the verge of spasming.  The chair has some nice design features, but let's face it, a beach chair mainly has to be comfortable. This one most assuredly is not. At least not for me. Stick with t he Tommy Bahama I linked to. This is a chair with ew virtues and no truly great desgn virtues. There are many much better that will help me to be a pilot.
882 I've always been sceptical of low reviews based failure rate.  I've used Memorex discs on three or four occasions (by that, I mean that I've purchased three or four 100 Pack Spindles -- I buy what is cheapest either on Amazon or at my local Staples).  I have found none of the problems with failure that some other reviewers have noted.  I am not saying that they haven't had those problems.  I can only assert that I have not had the same experience.  I have, however, had some complaints with Memorex discs in the past.  I do not bother to make labels for the discs that I burn -- I don't want to spend the money either on the printer ink or for labels.  I write on the discs using DVD markers.  Until recently Memorex's discs were all silver, but covered with a number of irritating dots.  You could write over them, but the surfaces weren't as marker-friendly as other discs, like those made by TDK or Sony.  So, my only complaint against Memorex has disappeared.  This may, however, only be academic.  Amazon is now producing its own brand of blank DVDs.  I've been extremely happy with both the DVD+R and DVD-R discs that Amazon now makes.  And their prices so far have been below $20 for a 100 Pack Spindle.  If Amazon maintains those prices I'm unlikely to buy anything other than Amazon discs in the future.  But if Amazon raises its prices and if Memorex puts its disc on sale, I would definitely feel comfortable buying them in the future.
883 I loved the first one and the second one was great, but I can't believe they aren't going to do a third one. I loved the book, but am really angry at the authors.
884 I am not a filmmaker nor do I prepare any visual content for any media.  I am therefore most definitely not the target audience for this book.  My reason for wanting to read this book is similar to my reason for reading several books on scriptwriting for television and film:  to better understand the television shows and movies that I watch.  I found that reading books on how to structure and pace and write scripts deepened my understanding of the many TV shows that I watch.  My hope was that approaching the same subject from a slightly different angle would enable me to give me a deeper appreciation for visual media.  In large part I believe I got out of this book pretty much what I had hoped.  I will confess that I found the tone of the book somewhat off-putting.  The author projects an intensely personal style that I was not completely at ease with.  It was not unlike attending seminar with someone whose personality interferes with the content.  This at times kept me from getting as much from this book as I might have.  Still, in watching things after reading this I do detect a deepened sense of what is taking place as a resulting of the filming and editing process.  This book will undoubtedly be of greater use to those actually developing visual media than it was for me, who merely writes about it.  Though it is possible that others will find the stylistic personality of the writer mildly off-putting, as it was for me.
885 This puzzle enjoys the same high quality as the other Ravensburger puzzles, but it also is more challenging than most. When you first sort the pieces you assume that it will be a fairly simple puzzle, with the area breaking down into sky and buildings. It turns out, however, that this is a pretty difficult puzzle. The various buildings feature colors that do not sharply distinguish one from another. You can single out big of buildings, but you can't tell easily whether a large group of pieces will form one building rather than another. The same holds true for the sky. While there are some parts that clearly belong to one section of the puzzle, there are many others that could be used in any of a number of places.  I really loved this puzzle, but it is definitely more on the difficult than easy side. Whether you view this as a good or bad thing depends on your preferences. But as always with Ravensburger, you get an extremely high quality product. Highly recommended.
886 It is great. All that needs to be said. But I would like to quibble with the Canadian reviewer who defends Janet Leigh's role. He or she uses the book to illuminate her role in the movie. That same character in the movie may possess more depth than the character in the movie, but that doesn't negate the fact that in the movie the character is poorly drawn and badly written. I wish that they had put the elements from the book into the movie. But they didn't. And her role (though not her performance--she had to make do with the lines she was given) does mar an otherwise almost perfect film.
887 I had been trying to figure out how or if I could install WordPress on my laptop to begin setting up my website, but  I had been flustered from the very beginning, not grasping that you have to have your site tied to the host database prior to installing WordPress. Now I understand what needs to be done now and then next after that. The book is driven by screenshots of WordPress along with detailed written descriptions of the procedure you are presently engaged in. This is particularly helpful with some of the more advanced apps that the book describes. I am really excited about getting to work  on my website and when I do I will have this TEACH YOURSELF VISUAL volume by my side.
888 This is a slender but essential volume on the mystique of Fred Astaire.  This is a well-researched volume that taps into an important 19th and 20th century cultural current.  As the author correctly points out, there had been an important change in thinking about men and their clothing.  Astaire not only was crucial in popularizing in America many of the fashion changes brought about by the Duke of Windsor (attached collars, "Windsor" knots and long neckties, the new cut in men's jackets and pants), but pulled the look off better than just about anyone.  If there were a "Best Dressed" for all 20th Century Men, Astaire would be near the very top.  Astaire's fashion sense was important not only in popularizing clothes, but in defining his image.  As one chapter heading puts it, "He became a hero whose weapon was style."  Other movie stars might outfight others, but he would win the woman by outdressing them.  I very much liked the way the book linked Astaire's look with that of the 19th Century "Dandy" (I strongly recommend the book mentioned in the book's Bibliography by Ellen Moers, THE DANDY: BRUMMELL TO BEERBOHM, a book that casts a lot of insight into some essential novelists, like Huysmans and Marcel Proust).  This is not a long book, but for any serious fan of Fred Astaire trying to collect the essential books on his life and career, this is a must own.  Sadly it is out of print, but luckily copies can be found used.  I would rank this among the 8 or 9 best books on Astaire.
889 I can't speak to the experience others have had on this headset, but I've not had the problem with echo and I certainly don't dislike the design.  Everyone's ear is different, however, so it is entirely possible that while it is quite comfortable for me and sounds fine, for someone else it may be uncomfortable and not work well with their phone.  I use this with a Motorola VE240 and it works just fine.  No hint whatsoever of the echo another reviewer complained of (though I'm sure that their experience was precisely as they reported it).  So I the moral here is that there is some risk to getting this headset.  It could well be that it will work fine for you and fit fine, as it does for me.  Or it is possible that it will work poorly and fit awkwardly.  I suppose that you could always give it a try and return it if it doesn't work for you.
890 This is a great item to use in conjunction with the Levenger Circa or Staples Arc disc notebook systems. By using the hole punch to perforate the left side of the notecard, it is possible to insert it at nearly any point on the page. I use the cards along with a book outlining spreadsheet. I use the cards either to provide addition comments or to copy extensive hunks of text out of the material I am reading.
891 I'm not a white shirt kind of guy. Heck, I rarely wear dress shorts of any color and haven't worn a tie in six years. But the fact that I don't have  white shirt pretty much means I need a white shirt. This is an exceptionally inexpensive, surprisingly well-made shirt with firmly stitched seams.  That said, I also have to confess that this is completely not my style of shirt. The cloth is thinner than I like and there are too many places where there is only one layer of cloth when I prefer two. I prefer Oxford cloth myself. Still, if you are looking for a well-made, inexpensively priced shirt, this one will probably meet your needs.
892 I find these cups to be almost impossibly weird. They are smaller than you can possibly imagine. I can't figure out where you would ever want to use it. I know "Mini" is in the title, but so is "Pint", which is a unit of measure. So what is "Pint Mini" supposed to communicate? I think not anything as tiny as these glasses. They are so small as to be unusable. They are about the size of those super tiny glasses we used to see in restaurants for the "free" orange juice. They are slightly larger than the cups we get in Baptist churches to celebrate the Lord's Supper.  Basically, I can't really think of a purpose for these cups. If you can, go for them. But I honestly can't think of anything you can possibly use these for, certainly not in personal use, and not even at parties or public events.
893 I have had so much fun working the various Ravensburger puzzles that have been offered through Amazon's Vine Program. Like all of their products, this is an extraordinarily well-made, gorgeous puzzle.  Compared to most Ravensburger puzzles, this was a relatively easy one. Some of their puzzles do not have clearly delineated sections so that it can be really tough working them, such as the relatively difficult&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mackay-Falls-New-Zealand-1000-Piece-Puzzle/dp/B006OJM52C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mackay Falls, New Zealand 1000 Piece Puzzle</a>&nbsp;to the extremely difficult&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/In-Paris-1500-Piece-Puzzle/dp/B00508OOSG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">In Paris 1500 Piece Puzzle</a>. But this one divided up easily into five sections: sky, forest, buildings, boats in the water, and finally water (though with different shades).  This is a great puzzle for someone who is relatively new to jigsaw puzzles or for an experienced puzzle worker who would like something a bit less challenging but nonetheless fun.
894 This is one of the best products that I've ever purchased for my laptop.  I have an 18.5 inch laptop and it puts out a huge amount of heat.  The heat has been so substantial that it has not only been uncomfortable to rest it in my lap but the performance has also been impaired.  I had been using a heat dispersal cushion on my lap, but it really didn't do much of a job of keeping the heat down.  Figuring I had nothing to lose, I thought I would try this Chilling Mat.  I hooked it up to my laptop and was dubious about how effective it was going to be.  The fans didn't make much noise and they didn't seem to have much power.  But after only a few minutes I touched the bottom of my laptop and I was shocked to see that there was no heat build up at all.  After several hours there was still no heat.  So, this has become one of the most useful and helpful products that I have for my laptop.  It is light, it is quiet, and it has dramatically improved the performance of my computer.  I can't recommend this strongly enough to anyone who has a laptop.
895 At one point I either owned or had heard nearly every Firesign Theatre album, and while they were a highly erratic bunch of boys (many of their albums are simply awful), at their best they produced the greatest comedy  albums in the history of recording.  Of their three masterpieces, this is  probably my least favorite.  Even better are the currently out-of-print  DON'T CRUSH THAT DWARF, HAND ME THE PLIERS (with the extraordinary SCHOOL  DAYS sequence and multiple incarnations of George Tirebiter) and my own  personal favorite, EVERYTHING YOU KNOW IS WRONG! (in which we learn such  important truths as "Dogs came from outer space!", "Our  forefathers used drugs!", and, of course, "Everything you know is  wrong!").  These are cultural treasures that someone ought to reissue  as a service to humanity.
896 In the past couple of years I've developed some foot problems, so it is a very, very big deal for me to find shoes that are comfortable and don't exacerbate problems I have with my feet. I was extremely dubious about getting these Kenneth Cole slip ons. For one thing, they looked like - and are - shoes that you would wear at the office or upon occasions that you would want dress up. These are not normally shoes that you associate with ease on your feet. Finally, I've often found that it takes time to break shoes like this in. So it was something of a shock to put these on and discover that they in fact were immediately among the most comfortable shoes that I own. In fact, they were so comfortable upon putting them on I immediately decided to risk wearing them while I walked my dog. When we got back from our long daily walk, I needed to do some yard work and it was only after starting that I realized that spreading lime on my yard was probably not a good activity for brand new dress shoes. But the point is that the shoes were so comfortable that I didn't even notice when I started doing yard work. That is the very definition of a comfortable shoe.
897 This is an absolutely stunning album, but for some reason Peter Blegvad remains one of the most unknown great performers in the world. For sometime now he has been one of our most able, original, and witty songwriters, and yet even knowledgeable fans will not even recognize his name. While Blegvad has produced a number of first rate collections of songs, KING STRUT AND OTHER STORIES, first released in 1990, remains his finest achievement. Nearly every song on the album is a stunner, from the opening and title track, "King Strut," all the way to its raw, "plugged" reprise at the end of the disc, Blegvad churns out one amazingly original song after another. There are no weak cuts on this disc. Among my favorites are "Not Weak Enough," which appeared originally on the album DOWNTIME, but which was recorded in a greatly simplified but improved version here, "Gold," "Stranger to Myself," and "Meantime," which unpeels like an onion the various uses to which that word can be put. I think anyone enjoying good songwriting, from Elliot Smith to T-Bone Burnett to Richard Thompson, will find this to be a spectacular addition to their music library. This album is a classic that has yet to be recognized as such. Edit: I noticed that somehow my review got posted to WHATEVER instead of KING STRUT. The song list appears to be the same, but the original title or the correct title was KING STRUT AND OTHER SONGS.
898 These are hand's down my favorite pocket T-shirts.  Just about everything about the Eddie Bauer tees are optimal, from the appealing colors to the softness of the cotton cloth to the comfortable fit.  Although I have a lot of T-shirts from a lot of different makes, I've sometimes fantasized about tossing all of my non-Eddie Bauer shirts and restocking with just these.  Trust me, the day that I win the lottery, that is going to happen.  The thing that I love most about Eddie Bauer -- all of their clothes and not just their tees -- is that they are enormously comfortable to wear.  I'm as far from a clothes horse as one will find.  I obsess over buying books and DVDs, not clothes, but I get nearly as much joy out of one of these T-shirts as I do the books.  In fact, they are one of the few clothing items that I will buy just as a treat to myself.
899 This is a really high quality Bocce Ball set. Because there is so little equipment involved this is exclusively a question of how well the balls are made, and Viva Sol really had made these Premium balls. I have to confess to not having played this much over the years, but because I'm about to transition from several decades of living in apartments - and thus not having my own yard - to living in a house with a large yard, I wanted something that me and my friends could play. This is perfect for that. you simply toss the Pallino (included in this set) and then take turns throwing the Bocce balls at it to see who can get closest to it. It also comes with a really nice wooden storage case that has a heavy duty rope handle. There is also one other thing that makes this a great game to play among friends: few of us are really good a Bocce, so unlike a pick up game of basketball, where one really skilled player can make the whole thing unbalanced, most people can be competitive. Moreover, older players play as well as younger ones, making this an ideal game for friends or family to play at get togethers. I definitely recommend both the game and this particular bocce ball set.
900 This is not a bad bathroom rug, especially for the price, but it doesn't really blow me away either. Before I go on, I should point out that the photo of the product is somehow off a bit. The photo makes it look a bit thicker and a bit more textured than it is. I am not saying that they intended to mislead, but that the  photo just looks a bit off. It is a flat rug with some texturing. It isn't a thick, plush rug. It is a decent, average rug at a decent price. I received a dark blue rug as a review copy and it doesn't work very well in my household. I have two cats and a German Shepherd and about five minutes of putting this on my bathroom floor you could tell. So if you have pets, keep that in mind when deciding on what color to buy. You really don't want a dark rug. If you have a very small space this ought to do a decent job for you.
901 This is pretty much your standard American quality notebook, maybe a bit better than usual. The paper is slightly less porous than most American quality paper. But it is still too porous or those of us who use fountain pens. I tried to do a list of the books that are on my current "To Be Read" List, but the ink came through so much that it came awfully close to rendering the next sheet - next sheet, not next page - unusable. So this has 80 sheets and that should be enough for 160  pages. But I'm only going to be able to get 80 pages out of 80 sheet. A lot of people love either fountain pens or reusable gel pens, both of which need less porous paper.  I'm still not aware of widely available high quality paper in the U.S., apart from buy either high rag content printing paper or photo quality printing paper. Moleskine notebooks are available in many bookstores or office goods stores, but even Moleskine has fairly porous paper. I buy most of my notebooks from Amazon, getting imported Rhoda or Miquelrius notebooks. I love the notebooks I get from Europe, but I think it is terrible that there is no easy-to-find high quality American paper.
902 I've long fed my dog Naural Balance Limited Ingredient food. He had a hard to diagnose stomach virus to that resulted from drinking some of the water in Lake Michigan from playing daily on the beach just north of the beach above Loyola University. He now is at the point where he can eat a lot of different kinds of really good food, but that he can is due, specificallly, to the Natural Balance Limited Ingredient Potato and Duck Dog Food.  So the question is, does the cat food perform as well as the dog food? It does. My cats do not have any stomach viruses but are actually very healthy. I have a four year old who is very healthy and an 18 year old female who is very obviously old and starting to lose weight the way that may much older cats do. Her kidney and liver are almost certainly beginning to slow down as she loses weight.  So I'll know more as we go along, but both cats have eaten this with significant interest. My gut tells me that his is going to be as outstanding a food as the Limited Ingredient dog food is.
903 This worked great for about a week; and then it didn't. I'm really not sure what went wrong with this. I suspect that there was some kind of build up of minerals, because for that first week I couldn't fill the reservoir up frequently enough to keep pace with the humidifier. But now I can fill it and run it and not detect a change in water level at all even after a couple of weeks. Most humidifiers will be less effective as time goes by, but I don't think I've ever had one stop working so completely after such a short period of time. So I cannot personally recommend this humidifier at all.
904 First off, you have to realize that you don't use a pencil with this book. If you have in mind a book version of those newsprint booklets you see at supermarket checkouts with mazes you have to work your way through with a pen or pencil, eliminate that from your brain. This is nothing like that. This gorgeous book contains gigantic two-page mazes that are as much art work as not. You would never think about marring this beautiful book with a pen. But most of the mazes are not even mazes that you could work that way. Many of them are brain teasers, where the challenge being to decide what on that page constitutes the pathway and what the barrier. This is more coffee table book than something to scribble in. Or the kind of book that someone visiting your home will discover and suddenly will have three or four friends looking over their shoulders at. And while it isn't quite a children's book, it is a book that you could easily sit down and enjoy with a child. Plus, kids' visual IQ is usually much higher than any nearby adult. In short, this is a great book that will delete nearly anyone. But please! No Pen or Pencil!
905 Not a masterpiece, but a thoroughly fun read.  One of those fun books to find when you want to read something light but entertaining.
906 As a massager, this footrest is pretty much a complete bust. Not only do the beads not provide particularly good massager, they are unbelievably squeaky, even if you lubricate them. The squeak was so awful that I simply stopped using the massager completely.  But nonetheless this is a really nice foot rest. I suppose everyone is a little different. The angle is going to be more appropriate for some people than others. For me, the angle is absolutely perfect. Part of the reason is the very long base it rests upon, two long metal arcs along which it slides. This is unlike so many other foot rests made today, which rest upon very small bases. So while the massager part is a bit of a bomb, this is a really great footrest in most other ways. I will definitely be using under one of my two desks (I have a writing desk and a typing desk, as well as a a standing desk). It is a very nicely made, very sturdy, very comfortable foot rest. If only it didn't squeak it would get an easy five stars.
907 Speaking objectively, I recognize that this is an extremely well-made, well-designed bag. But speaking subjectively, this is an incredibly small bag. I don't carry only two or three things when I travel. I carry a laptop, a tablet, five to seven books, a case for carrying fountain pens, a kindle, headphones, earphones, a couple of bags holding a variety of cords of various kinds, a hardback calendar, a couple of notebooks, and so on and so forth. How does it help me to have an exceptionally well-made, high quality briefcase if it won't carry most of what I need.  So factor all of this into whether this bag is suitable for you. My travel bag of preference is the Targus backpack designed for a 17" laptop with multiple very large pockets and I recognize that most people aren't going to want to haul around a backpack that weighs in at around 25 pounds. But I want my gadgets and I want my books and I want my rechargers and cords and notebooks. My only complaint with this bag is that it is extremely small. I just don't think that this will fulfill the needs of very many commuters or travelers. If you have only a tablet or very small laptop, carry no notebooks (whether Yogas or Moleskines), and read only ebooks, then this might be OK for you, but there has probably never been a time in my life that I could have used a briefcase that could carry so little. But it is quite well made.
908 I'm going to be honest and admit that I never thought that a sport water bottle could be made of glass. I in fact have few glasses made of glass, due mainly to my daughter breaking a massive number of them when growing up, something that became something of a family joke. Thankfully, she now is much less of a threat to glassware, whether mine or her own. I have two EcoVessel water bottles, exactly alike except for the interchangeable top. Because each one weighs precisely the same as the other, I have taken to putting one on each side of my day pack. They provide just the right amount of water for both me and my German Shepard, who loves it when I pull his collapsible bowl out of the pack. Little Rock has some excellent hiking trails within an hour of the city and these are just perfect. There are a lot of excellent options out there as far as water bottles go and I strongly recommend you consider the excellent glass bottles from EcoVessel. Collapsible dog water bowl is optional.
909 I have read both of the three-novel volumes published by Penguin, and while I think even the worst of these is at least good, LOVING shines out as one of the best novels that I have ever read.  Set in Ireland during WW  II and consisting almost entirely of dialogue (no narrative voice worth  noting), it tells a poignant yet hopeful story of love in the upper and  servant classes of a country castle and estate.  The ending is one of the  very best that I have encountered, rivaling my other favorite endings  (BROTHERS KARAMOZOV, THE WHITE HOTEL, and POSSESSION). I had serious  reservations about the Modern Library list of the 100 Greatest English  Novels of the 20th century, but I was delighted to see that they included  LOVING. LIVING is not as strong as the other two books, but PARTY GOING,  while not the masterpiece that LOVING is, is nonetheless a very, very fine  book indeed.
910 Even though subsequent volumes in Warren Ellis and Darick Robertson's TRANSMETROPOLITAN series would surpass this very diverse collection of stories, it is still a first rate addition to the series.  It is always outrageous, frequently funny, sometimes absurd, but always stimulating.  There two aspects of the series that make it especially interesting to me.  First, no other comic series explores the meaning of the media in general and the Fourth Estate in particular.  For all his cynicism and rebelliousness, anti-hero Spider Jerusalem is a journalist who believes that reporting should strive to make the world a better place . . . or at least not quite so bad.  Sometimes Spider's posing and stunts get in the way of that, but Ellis does manage to get the story back around to that conceit from time to time.  Second, the series goes further than any other I know in looking at the furthest extremes of what people will do to remake and reconstruct themselves.  Many writers have pointed out that ours is already a Cyborg culture.  How else can you characterize someone who has an artificial hip, a pacemaker, and lasik eye surgery?  Other writers, like Ray Kurzweil and Hans Moravec, have fantasized about a utopian future in which the human brain is sliced up and downloaded into a database, where one's consciousness can enjoy a virtual immortality (though personally, I just think of this as a bizarre way to die).  Many of these notions are taken up and explored in the Transmet series.  The two books that begin the series are good, but newcomers should keep in mind that it gets much better in subsequent volumes.  So while I recommend this, I even more strongly recommend reading the volumes that follow.
911 The only genuine problem with this excellent book is that it does not compare favorably with some of the other books in this series.  For instance, if one turns to this after reading Schlereth's amazing VICTORIAN AMERICA, one is scaled down the book seems in comparison.  This is not the fault of author David Hawke.  The problem is the paucity of details in everyday life in 17th century America compared to the late 19th.  Unfortunately for Hawke, the life of Americans in the 17th century was rudimentary and, of necessity, simple.  What makes VICTORIAN AMERICA such a delight is the almost overwhelmingly amount of delicious detail. Nonetheless, life in 17th century colonial America is apt to be less familiar to most readers than that of late 19th century America, and this book performs an enormous service in providing a concise, well-written overview of what that life was like.  Hawke is especially good at exploding various myths that have evolved over the years concerning colonial life.  Unlike the later volumes in the series, Hawke deals, by dint of necessity, of the larger historical situation. Some of the topics that Hawke takes up include the structure of towns and villages, the nature of farms and the crops grown, houses and the types of objects found within them, the health of the settlers and treatment of illness, social stratification, indentured servitude and slavery, relations with Native Americans, and various superstitions.  If the book was somewhat less exhilarating than some of the later books in the series, it nonetheless is quite informative.  I highly recommend it to anyone wishing to learn more about the nuts and bolts of colonial life.
912 I am not a lawyer and have not had to work on or develop legal documents, but this did help me make my own living trust. This is a helpful if somewhat dull and at times difficult guide to preparing a living trust without going through a lawyer. I have a very simple family situation. I do not have a great fortune and I have only one offspring, a wonderful daughter who is compassionate and cares deeply for me and wishes me the best. Even so, a Living Trust is a good idea. But my situation is so simple that a lawyer really isn't needed. If you have a significant amount of wealth and several heirs you should clearly hire a lawyer. But there is no reason why someone with a simple situation should do so.  This book is not useful for someone who lives in Louisiana. The reason is clear: Louisiana is the only state whose legal system is not based upon English Common Law. Instead, their law is based upon Code Napoleon because of being a French colony until Thomas Jefferson became president.
913 In many of Nabokov's novels one finds so much human nastiness.  As Nabokov retorted to those who imagined that Humbert Humbert was in some sense autobiographical, "Humbert Humbert is a monster!"  Pnin is not, and while he may have some enemies in this novel, they could never be confused with the spawn of Satan.  And unlike Humbert Humbert, Pnin is in many ways autobiographical.  For one thing, the title character is an academic pretty much along the same lines as Nabokov (though not nearly as successful).  For another, Nabokov, like Pnin, never learned to drive a car.  In his constant trips across the United States in search of butterflies (these trips form much of the material basis of Humbert and Lolita's car treks), his wife would drive, while he would sit in the passenger side writing his novels on 3 x 5 note cards (much like poet John Shade in PALE FIRE). So, if someone who has been stunned by the genius of LOLITA and PALE FIRE and the virtuosity of ADA is coming to this unpretentious volume expecting more of the same, they will find themselves disappointed.  This is Nabokov Lite.  But it is not all the worst for that.
914 This is useful for Uber drivers but is somewhat limited due to lack of GPS. It does set up in a matter of minutes and there is enormous flexibility in situating the cameras. The images are exceptionally clear, especially the front 1080 one. They are discrete yet easily noticed as a safety feature. The camera comes with a 16GB memory card, which most people are going to find to be too small.  If you can find a work around on the GPS - perhaps by an app for your cell phone - perhaps this will provide you with all of the security that you need But i personally would be feel comfortable enough unless had a way of recording my location as well. It would be nice to have all data recorded in one place, but this will definitely provide a visual record. One other thing to mention is that while this installs easily, laying the USB cable is somewhat time consuming. To situation the cameras properly you have to run them under a great deal of carpet inside the car. With some cars this might represent ore trouble than others. But all in all this is a nice though minimal featured in-car visual security system.
915 This is a lovely book that I find I can only express my enjoyment in somewhat paradoxical criticisms:  I wish there had been more and I wish it had been slightly larger.  That is to say, the photographs were so striking that I wanted more and I wanted them larger.  As other reviewers have noted, the book consists of low-level aerial photographs of various wilderness and wooded spots in the United States taken from an ultra light aircraft.  Not every area of the country is represented, but I'm not sure that that makes very much difference.  Even areas that I know looked completely fresh to me.  This really is America as you've never seen it before.  If you enjoy nature photography or "from the air" books, you should definitely check this one out.
916 I got this movie a few months ago as part of the Vine Program.  I tried on several occasions to watch it but could never find a reason to watch it more than a few minutes at a time.  I finally just gutted it out and forced myself to wait it out until the end.  I think I managed to finish it on my sixth try.  This is easily one of the least pleasant movies that I have ever seen.  It starts with the characters.  The film is essentially an anthology show, telling the story of a number of characters in an area of a city that has been destroyed by drug culture.  OK, this is all well and good, but regardless of intent, a film is only as good as its characters.  I can honestly say that there was not a single character that I cared about even in the least.  I can honestly say that there was not a single minute of the film that I cared for in the least.  The film is an unremitting exploration of the inconceivably bleak existence of a string of completely unlikeable characters.  The film has no redeeming qualities.  The writing is wretched, the acting adequate but unable rise above the horrid material, and the narrative bleak without redemptive features.  Not many movies have left me feeling as bored and soiled as this one.  Honestly, if I had not felt obligated by getting it through the Vine Program, I would not have finished it or reviewed it.
917 A tire inflator is an essential item for any car emergency kit. I already had one that I kept in my trunk, only slightly smaller, but nowhere nearly as powerful as this one. This is an important consideration. There are a lot of reasons why you would care about power in an inflator. You might have a flat tire in heavy traffic or you might have a flat tire when late for a plane flight. The possibilities are endless. I strongly recommend this as an excellent combination of power with a near ideal size. And it has the added benefit of not being terribly expensive. All in all a superb product.
918 A bad, bad movie. Part of the problem was that whoever was responsible for the final form of the script (whether writer, director, producer, or studio) couldn't decide whether this was going to be a drama with comic overtones or vice versa. But even if this is supposed to be a sad film, it is sad without any redeeming aspects. Just a bunch of sad, unlikeable people. David Schwimmer's character is unbearably pathetic, Barbara Hershey's character is unbearable (and I have to add that I have always liked Barbara Hershey, so seeing her in this role was especially painful), Carol Kane as the mother is sad, and Schwimmer's friends are all superficial. I think the makers of the film were trying to emulate Albert Brooks, but with slight problem of not possessing his deft touch. A profoundly disappointing film. Though I must add that Gwyneth Paltrow was much better than the rest of the film.  I kept feeling bad for her that she was stuck in some a poorly conceived film.
919 DII is an Amazon exclusive brand that specializes in a wide range of budget, but very high quality home items. I use a wide variety of DII items in my home. Not everything that I have had the pleasure to review has been perfect, but these napkins are excellent, part of a pattern. If you would like, you can add a table cloth, while there are a number of placemats and napkin rings as well. If you are unfamiliar with DII, you can be certain that it will be of superior quality for the price. I pretty much detest "budget" products that are essentially junk, and I'm delighted that this is the case.
920 This is a great idea for a dog collar and it is part of a series of leashes that provides a tiny tidbit of information to others that warns them about what to expect in your dog. I have a wonderful, super friendly German Shepherd, of whom a lot of people are instantly afraid. Now, he is so obviously friendly to anyone who recognizes doggy behavior that there wouldn't be that much of a need for it, but for the fact that many people are completely blind to what a dog is communicating to them. So I got this collar to add another layer of clarity to the messages he is already sending out to the world. Just to make clear how friendly he is, on several occasions other dogs have attacked him. His response has been not to engage in aggression but to peer at the other dog as if there has been some unfortunate failure in communication. He simply refuses to acknowledge that he has been attacked by another dog. So far I'm not aware, after three weeks, of anyone petting my dog as a result of seeing his "FRIENDLY" dog leash but hopefully some people - with or without dogs - will respond favorably  in the future.  My one complaint is that the leash is not as heavy as I would like. Not that it isn't strong enough; no dog in the world would be able to chew through this leash in any short length of time. This simply expresses a preference on my part for a heavier leash. I'm not a fan of the color of green used in the leash, but that is the cost of NOT owning an aggressive dog.
921 I love Terry Pratchett's Discworld books more than I can say. I have at this point read every one, and except for ERIC (FAUST - with a strikeout through "Faust") I've loved nearly all of them. Some, like many of the City Watch book, anything with the witches, are books I'm bound to reread in the future. Some, like the staggeringly funny SMALL GODS have and will continue to make it onto my list of favorite books. But I found that RAISING STEAM  was not as enjoyable as some previously books. I do not think that Sir Terry's talents are waning due to his Alzheimer's (it is a form that affects his ability to work with shapes and has left the part of the brain dealing with speech largely unaffected), but more to the fact that you simply can't write nearly 40 books within the same fictional universe and maintain the same level of excellence. I do wonder how someone reading this as their first book in the Discworld universe would react to it. I suspect rather well, though of course all of the characters making brief appearances here whom we know so well from other books will not be properly appreciated by newcomers.  As Pratchett's disease progresses I find myself selfishly wanting him to write the novel that I have thought inevitable, though now it seems to have been merely evitable: a novel where Granny Weatherwax and Commander Vimes confront one another. Whatever he writes I will read though I will also confess that I'm more likely to read the older books with renewed joy than I am new ones. Still, I definitely recommend this one.
922 I use two brands of kitty litter, the various Arm & Hammer clumping litters that come in large cardboard boxes like this one and the Precious Kitty litter in the 40 pound bags. I don't stick with just one because 1) my cats do great using both brands and 2) someones one litter is a better buy and sometimes the other one is. So each month I order two boxes or two bags from Amazon after I check both brands to see which is offering the better deal. I have to be careful in buying good litter, because my 19 year old female is extremely picky. If you buy her a litter that she doesn't care for, she will do her business literally anywhere. She didn't used to be this way, but at age 19 I figure she has earned the right to be a little contrary. My 5 year old boy will use whatever litter I put down for him. So if you are looking for a first rate kitty litter that is also a good bargain, I definitely recommend this. Just be sure to check the price before you order.
923 It has to be stressed first that this is not a hold-50-pounds-of-coats kind of hook. It attaches to a smooth wall by clear plastic with adhesive and therefore can hold only a little bit of weight, like a bath towel or a lightweight robe. But the great virtue of this extremely attractive hook is that it can attach to many - though not all (e.g., not on porous) - surfaces without drilling a hole.  As long as one keeps in mind that this cannot hold as much weight as a hook that has been firmly attached to a wall, it should prove a welcome addition to one's home.
924 This is an extremely high quality, easy to use Carabiner that can be used for an astonishing number of purposes. I have a couple of these, but my primary use - and for this I use it daily for at least an hour each day - is to connect my belt to the handle of my dog's leash. I then take him hiking for an hour each day in the Chattahoochee National Recreational Area, the Island Ford district. If you encounter a beautiful German being walked hands'-free by a scruffing older guy, that is me and Lion. I love that I can have both hands free so that I can hold and make entries in my notebook. My dog is exceptionally well-behaved, so I can leave him to his own devices while we walk, though if for whatever reason  I need to grab the leash again, I can. I've never had a single problem with this carabiner and honestly can't imagine my life without one. I leave it on the handle of the leash until we are ready to go for our daily walk, and then just pop it onto my belt and off we go. I fulfill the park requirements of having my dog on a leash, while leaving my hands free to do as I wish. If you have any need for a carabiner, I can't think of a better one.
925 I was delighted to see this 4-port hub offered as part of the Vine Program. Because one of my USB ports is now taken up with taken up a Wi-fi modem, I've been a bit short on ports.  I had tried a couple of other multi-port hubs but had been very unhappy with the quality of each. But I absolutely loved this one. It has a short cable that enables it to lie easily beside the laptop. As an experiment I attached to the hub a printer, an external hard drive, a camcorder, and a Blu-ray player and was able to run all of them with no degradation of performance in any.  I love how portable this hub is. It is extremely compact and weighs practically nothing. I have a small group of laptop accessories that I carry in my backpack. I don't keep many things in it, but this has made the short list and I now carry it with me at all time.  If you have a laptop and find yourself short of USB ports, or if you have a desktop and could use a few more, this could be the perfect solution. I have both a laptop and a netbook and I'm going to buy a second one to make sure I have one for both. Just a great product.
926 I own several pairs of long bottoms to help get me through Chicago's cold winters, and except for Under Armour's running pants (available at over three times the price of these bottoms), these are far and away my favorites of any I own. They are very reasonably priced, extremely soft and comfortable, and thick enough to keep you warm even on very cold days. I walk my dog frequently on the beach along Lake Michigan throughout the winter, so I have especial need for very warm bottoms, and these definitely fit the bill.  While I still love the Under Amour bottoms, their price is close to prohibitive for daily use. Since I can get three pairs of Duofold bottoms for less than the price of a single Under Armour, but get very nearly the same warmth and comfort, these are definitely going to be the main bottoms that I wear each winter.
927 There are a lot of things that I like about these shelves, even though there are other shelves that will, in the same space, contain more books. Normally this would be a major consideration for me. I have around 9,500 books so wall space is something I think about all the time. However, this is such a gorgeous set of shelves that I frankly just don't care. Sometimes you just need to sacrifice a little wall space in order to add some pretty furniture. The shelf has a natural slant backwards, which gives it a natural lean towards the wall and away from the center of the room. This is a huge deal, since a lot of people get injured, and some die, from shelves falling forward. It isn't impossible that this shelf could fall forward, but it is extremely unlikely. But this is also extremely attractive. Some might want to put decorative items on the shelves, but I have too many books and I'm always delighted to have additional shelves for books. But even with books on them - though I find nothing to be more decorative than books - these are very attractive shelves, with the latticing on each side. The wood itself is very lovely and will continue to look great if dusted and polished. This are just really nice shelves and I can enthusiastically recommend them.
928 I only recently received this and already I have had a ton of fun with it, cleaning all of the sidewalks in the immediate neighborhood whether they needed cleaning or not. I've not had a blower before so my comments can only be framed in reference to this particular blower, but perhaps that has value as well, since it will let people know how it was to operate this blower for a complete novice. The answer is that I found it simple to operate and use from the very first second. It is an incomparably intuitive machine. Point and blow and anything that was on your sidewalk is gone, as long as it is not caked onto the sidewalk by mud, whether dry or wet. It is a very substantial machine, but while heavy enough, is not too heavy. Older children could probably use it with ease. I like very much that it isn't gasoline operated, like the one that the landscapers of my unit employ. That not only generated a terrible odor but required that you have some gasoline onhand. I have a little bit for my power generation, but it is intended for emergencies only.  I definitely recommend this blower. It doesn't take very long to charge, holds a change long enough to complete nearly any job you have to do.
929 I have an official list of "The Three Funniest Novels That I Have Ever Read."  The three books are, in no particular order, Stanislaw Lem's THE FUTUROLOGICAL CONGRESS, Joseph Heller's CATCH-22, and John  Barth's THE SOTWEED FACTOR.  There were times in the latter, especially  near the end, where I had to pause repeatedly in my reading to laugh out  loud. But this book has much more to offer than just humor.  Barth, who  in his novels clearly reveals himself to be a student of the genre, strives  to write an 18th century novel in the 20th century, and succeeds  magnificently.  I believe that this novel couldn't help but delight any  serious reader whose possesses even the slightest sense of humor.
930 Here is the problem: Capitalism won. The West and the capitalists triumphed over the Soviets and Communism. This is a problem because capitalism has shown that as the only game in town, it has done a pretty rotten job at taking care of the needs of peoples as a whole. Capitalism - like communism before it - is a totalizing ideology. It strives to explain everything or provide an answer to everything, but in fact it has been found wanting in a very serious way. Almost all of the world's societies are rotting from profound economic inequality. Therborn starts off by showing how by virtually every measurable standard capitalism has done a pretty rotten job in taking care of the needs of any society. He shows, for instance, how in most ways today's Russians are worse off than yesterday's Soviets. Illiteracy is on the rise. Health is falling. Hunger is on the rise. Most shockingly, he shows that the lives of most Russians are worse than at the height of the Stalinist atrocities.  Hopefully we are on the cusp of a shift to thinking about new ways to deal with out economy and the needs of the people around the world. For myself, I prefer a capitalist economy with strong governmental intervention (not so radical; it was Abraham Lincoln'd position, among others). What I don't care for on any level is an unbridled capitalism that continues to promote rampant inequality. A very highly recommended book.
931 If you need a heavy duty stapler that will reliably staple more than 15 or 20 pages at a time, this could well be the stapler for you.  Most of us are familiar with staplers from working at home or at school.  Most nonelectric staplers balk at stapling more than a small number of pages, while most that can tend to be huge hand cranked affairs.  Swingline developed a relatively small stapler capable of using No. 35550 high density staples.  That line is a fine line of staplers, and if one already has one of those I wouldn't recommend getting this new one.  But if you want a nonelectric high density stapler that can staple 60 pages of text with ease, I definitely recommend this.  This stapler has two advantages over the smaller 35550 staplers that Swingline makes.  One is that the hand grip is larger, allowing the user to exert more pressure with less effort. The other is that instead of having the staples cross along the same plane, this stapler has each tine parallel to the other.  The result is that it holds the final pages of a document more securely than if they merely pointed at each other along the same plane.  I definitely recommend this stapler for anyone with the need to staple huge stacks of paper together.  It also is a very attractive stapler, if that matters.
932 This works pretty well and the apps that it relies upon work far more reliably than most than I have tried to use over the past few years. My only question is about what need this fulfills. Here is my problem with it: I have a thermometer that my father placed in my garage that he had used for 30 or 40 years in one or another of the family homes. It has lasted and lasted and lasted, and it has continued to keep exceedingly accurate temperature. Do I think that this bluetooth thermometer will be working a year from now? Maybe. Three years? Probably not. Five years? No way Jose. I find this to be a pretty delightful little gadget, but it is part of a rapidly increasing number of such gadgets in my life. My daughter uses a great term a lot: "Uncluttering." I own 9,000 books so I don't know how much I can unclutter my life, but can arrange books, but I have dozens and dozens of little gadgets, most of which I've lost or never had instruction manuals. I have little gadgets that I literally don't know what they do. So I see this as unfortunately belonging to the kind of ephemera that is filling my world. I have already decided that I no longer have any interest in smart watches, let alone very small gadgets not quite as large as my thumb. So, in summary, this is a very nice little gadget that I think is likely to play little or no role in my life for more than a few weeks.
933 TO BRING YOU MY LOVE won virtually every Best Album award that could be  won in 1995 and won the prestigious Village Voice Pazz and Jop Poll (as  voted by several hundred top rock and music critics) as the Album of the  Year.  Polly Jean Harvey also managed the Rolling Stone Artist of the Year  Award on the basis of this album.  But the album is even better than that.  By any standard, the nineties has been one of the worst decades in the  history of rock, but this album stands as one of the glorious achievements  of the nineties, and PJ Harvey one of the few contemporary artists who can  stand comparison with rock figures from previous decades. All of these  songs are about sex and sexuality, and not a very healthy sexuality at  that.  Despite the title of the album and opening song, love and its  healing power is completely missing in these songs.  What is present is sex  as obsession, as compulsion, as an animalistic force of nature, as  destructive, inescapable, and irrestible as a tidal wave or volcanic  irruption.  The album could as easily have been titled, TO BRING YOU THE  PLAGUE. But the power in these demonic love songs surpasses that of any  other artist working in the nineties, and represents an exceptional  achievement by one of the few creative artists working in popular music in  an otherwise bland and banal period of time.
934 I've had mixed feelings about the AmazonBasics line. Some of the products are reliable while some others just seem cheap alternatives to better alternatives. But of all the products bearing that name, this is hands down the best that I've encountered to date. Just to do a quick comparison to the Moleskine (which frankly I think is significantly overrated), this has a slightly looser spine, but on every other feature I would rate this equal or better. I use fountain pens pretty much exclusively, so I'm very sensitive to whether or not paper bleeds too much. This Amazon notebook bleeds a lot less than any of the Moleskine notebooks. It isn't the best that I've seen; there are specific Rhodia and Clairefontaine notebooks that I prefer because of their superior paper. But those notebooks tend to be in 8.5 x 11 inch format. But I also like smaller, more convenient notebooks, like this. They fit nicely in any backpack or messenger bag.  People might fight their own specific reasons for not liking this, but it won't be because it has any flaws; it will be because they have specific preferences. There is nothing at all wrong with that; others will possibly share the same preferences. But one nice thing about this notebook transcends individual preference: price. This is a significantly cheaper than either Moleskine or similar notebooks on other brand names. So, thumbs up, Amazon!
935 This wasn't a terrible arc in BUFFY 8 but it didn't fulfill my expectations, let alone my hopes.  I had really loved FRAY few years earlier and had been looking forward to the eventual resolution of those story lines.  Frankly, I think the events of FRAY deserved being the A-plot of its own series, instead of the B-plot of BUFFY 8.  This would have been ok if the resulting Buffy/Fray encounter had been as satisfying as one would have hoped.  And throw in a great Willow twist and an absolutely wicked final twist, then you would think you'd have a home run of a story.  But it isn't.  Additionally, the story is hurt as well from the fact that so little resulted from it.  The next several issues only minimally dealt with the events in this volume.  In fact, the ensuing issues made the entire series feel like it had come to an abrupt stop.  The biggest disappointment was the failure to make the Buffy/Fray encounter all it should have been.  Secondarily, the failure to adequately wrap up Fray's own story was a second disappointment.  This didn't trump the excellence of the Buffy/Willow battle in the distant future.  And the end of the main arc with future Dark Willow trying to kill Buffy, only to be saved by the current Willow (though without Willow knowing about her dark future self) has potential for future story arcs.  On top of all that, there were a number of great individual moments.  I rarely found the arc to be uninteresting.  I merely found it to be less than I had hoped.
936 A few years ago I was tasked to find a new printer for our work group of 16 people. I looked at the range of HP printers and there was a large price gap between printers capable of being used by individuals and printers usable by work groups. The cheapest of the latter fell in the four figure range. All printers less than $1,000 usable by a work group or small office (or, as in the case of some in some function of real estate, an indivdual) were made by other retailers, especially Dell. Had I had the option of the HP PageWide Pro 452, I would have ordered it in a minute.  You simply will not believe how easy it is to set this printer up. For me the hardest part was getting it out of the box. I moved my older HP out of its spot, put this one in its place, plugged in the power cord, started it up, and then, after it began initializing, plugged in the USB cord. You can also network via Cat 6 cable. THIS IS NOT A WIRELESS PRINTER. That has to be stressed. This is an office printer and for security purposes you do not want it to be wireless. After attaching the cable, the printer finished initializing, printed some test pages, and we were done. I test printed a 120 page document that I'd been holding off on. It printed the entire document in the blink of an eye.  The quality of the copies is outstanding and the speed is breathtaking. If you need a small office workhorse printer, this could be what you get.
937 I was delighted to get a copy of this through the Vine Program.  I had a real need for a book that would provide easy reference for HTML coding due to a lot of editing I do for a website.  While most of the coding is done by the site designer, I try to increase the amount of coding that I do on my side.  This has helped me a lot in adding simple coding and given me some clues as to what would need to be done in coding that is beyond me (and that I still avoid).  While a lot of HTML is now done using WYSIWYG editors, there is goinog to be an ongoing need for some degree of HTML.  If you don't have an HTML guide but, like me, have occasional need of one, I definitely recommend this one.
938 I have a trigger spot in my upper right shoulder right beside the outer edge of my shoulder blade. If I am not careful, if that spot will tense up and just radiate pain and tension all around my upper right quadrant of my back. I have a Body Back massager that helps a lot but even better I have a Thumper Mini Pro 2 Massager, which is a whole other beast entirely (easily the best massager of its kind on the market). So why was I interested in this Gaiam massager? The Body Back is too large to put in a suit case and the Thumper too heavy if you are about to travel. I thought it would be nice to have a smaller alternative that wouldn't be as versatile as the Body Back. It isn't as big as the Body Back, but unfortunately it doesn't fit into a suitcase - or at least my suitcase - either. Moreover, it is more one dimensional than the Body Back, which has a host of ways to hold it in order to bring pressure in a variety of ways.  So the question is, given that the Buddy Back current costs about ten dollars more but provides far more functionality, why would you want to this this? I honestly can't come up with an answer. I doubt that I start using this in stead of my Body Back. What I will do is put the Gaiam beside my desk chair and use it at times when I feel my back starting to tense up. But if the choice is between this and the Body Back, there really is no choice.
939 THE 1930S is yet another enormously enjoyable volume in what has come to be one of my favorite series of books in American publishing.  Editor Nick Yapp has been plundering the Hutton Getty Picture Collection to produce a visual portrait of each of the decades of the 20th century.  No one country is the exclusive focus of the photographs, though for some reason about 95% of them are from England, Germany, and the United States.  Many of the photos in each collection are by notable photographers, though the bulk in each one is by uncredited photographers.  The photographs are arranged in rough topical categories, focusing both on celebrities and everyday folk. I am currently reading THE DARK VALLEY by Piers Brendon, which is a history of the 1930s.  I am finding this collection of photographs to be a perfect companion to that history.  All the major figures of the decade, and most of the social and political changes, are documented in these photos. The greatest thing about this series is that it is just a whole lot of fun.  I have ended up littering my apartment with various volumes in this series.  I have THE 1920S in the kitchen, the THE 1930S in the living room, THE 1970S on my bedstand, and THE AMERICAN MILLENIUM (a similar volume edited by Nick Yapp from the Hutton Getty Collection) in my bathroom.  I find myself allowing myself to become immersed in the various books each day for ten or fifteen minutes at a time.  What is especially fun is showing one of the books to a friend, and watching them to the same.  Just a great series, and an incredible bargain for the price.
940 This is the first microfiber tablecloth that I have seen, but the results are as excellent as the best microfiber sheets that I have seen. Texture-wise, this is a flawless table cloth. The only hint that it is microfiber rather than another fabric comes from its weight. I have reviewed lately several tablecloths that I described as intended for everyday use. This particular tablecloth is definitely more of a special occasion table cloth. It isn't exactly expensive, but neither is it as inexpensive as those other tablecloths. I definitely plan on saving mine for special occasions; but maybe my life is drabber than it need be. At any rate, if you do save this for special occasions, I problem someone is going to compliment your tablecloth.
941 I discovered Fallen Angel in somewhat backwards fashion, not that there is anything wrong with that.  I was poking around in my local comic book store, saw FALLEN ANGEL REBORN, featuring Illyria from ANGEL as a guest character.  I instantly bought it, loved it, and wanted to know more.  In the same store I saw FALLEN ANGEL OMNIBUS, which collected the first 21 episodes of the comic with IDW after David's comic was cancelled by DC.  I loved that one, so I have now gone back to the DC collections.  The plan is to finish the volumes in the DC run, and then read the volumes that come after the IDW OMNIBUS.  After that, all I can do is hope that FALLEN ANGEL REBORN won't be the end of things.  I suspect it won't be.  I found these stories somewhat surprising given what I read in later issues.  For one thing, I was interested to discover that Lee's supernatural origins are not clearly spelled out.  I mean, clearly she has supernatural abilities, but she her heavenly origins are only vaguely hinted at.  I like that, however.  I like that she starts off as a mystery and only gradually discloses her secrets.  I also enjoyed the stories in these first issues.  They are restricted much more to Bete Noire than many of the stories in later episodes.  But all in all they definitely make me want to continue with the series.
942 POSSESSED and Keith Thomas's RELIGION AND THE DECLINE OF MAGIC were my two favorite books that I read in 1997.  As a former grad student (Yale and University of Chicago), I can attest that the intellectual milieu was quite familiar and accurately treated.  What impressed me about the book was the way that it managed to get better and better as the story progressed.  And the last four pages were as good as I have ever encountered (only Henry Green's LOVING and Dostoevsky's THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV had final pages that I loved as much).  I would recommend any serious reader getting this book immediately, but especially anyone who has had to trudge through grad school in the humanities.  A truly fine novel.
943 This is one of those products that simply is what it is, in this case,  a solid, without bells and whistles, desktop monitor stand at a budget price. In many cases a budget desktop stand means a junk desktop stand. That isn't the case here. This is solid and does not endanger your monitor in any way. That really is all that needs to be said. It does not cost very much, is easy to assemble, and does what it is designed to do. LIHIT has some very vivid colors in its line: black, white, vivid red, and vivid yellow green. I personally would not be happy with either red or yellow-green, and I am not especially happy with white, but that is a personal preference. But whatever color, these are excellent budget monitor stands.
944 This is the book I would send someone to who wanted to learn about human dignity.  This is not a book for blacks or whites alone, but for anyone who needs a graphic example of a human being refusing to respect himself and forego his rights as a human being.  Douglass's NARRATIVE was published during that period of time known as "The American Renaissance," and this work certainly stands comparison with the other great works of that period by Emerson, Thoreau, Hawthorne, Whitman, and Melville.
945 There is no way to truly test a travel guide short of traveling to the land of which it is about and seeing if it passes the test, but this certainly looks gorgeous to someone sitting comfortably in his easy chair in Atlanta, Georgia. The travel guide boasts many of the virtues of the National Geographic magazine, especially great maps and wonderful photos. It lays out the various regions in the country logically and systematically, detailing high points of each region, detailing times and costs of various activities, restaurants, and hotels, and giving maps of both regions and towns and/or cities. It provides guides lists of must-see places for each spot, and provides recommendations for both less adventurous and more adventurous travelers.  There are so many travel guides out there these days I don't know what to recommend the most, but if I were looking in a bookstore at a stack of travel books and were planning to visit Peru, this is definitely one that I would consider getting.
946 I've been spoiled. I have for the past few years been a complete devotee to Otterbox. The second I buy a gadget, I buy an Otterbox as well. They are expensive, but they are go to show that you really do sometimes get what you pay for. I saw an opportunity to try one of these Urban Armor Gear Cases, and reading that it more than surpassed military standards for protecting a Galaxy S5, I thought I would give it a try. And I did. For a single day. It may be that this meets military standards, but the Otter Box would meet standards ten times more demanding. I just kept feeling that my S5 was at risk. The Otterbox is so much more protective that to use the Urban Armor Gear Case made me feel like it wasn't being protective at all.  I'm glad I tried this case. I know that someday there will be a better case than the Otterbox or that someday there will be one on the market to match it. But today isn't that day. And for the forseeable future the Otterbox is going to remain the case I use to protective all my electoric gadgets. I only wish they'd make one for the iPod Classics 160 GB.
947 I'm giving this a five star review with the caveat that I doubt that this system will work with every puppy or older dog. But it is a great idea and gives dog owners options in training their puppies. The idea is very simple: if your puppy pees on a pee pad instead of someplace inside where it should not, a recording plays telling it that it is a good dog and a behavior reinforcing treat is dispensed.  Some assembly is required, and it is essential that it be set up where the pee pad can be placed on an impermeable surface, so that if the dog does try to use the restroom on the right object but misses, there will not be any significant damage. You may want to attach the treat dispenser to a wall, though it looks like it could rest on the floor for smaller breeds (a larger puppy could get at the treats). The system works both if you are present and monitoring it by eye, placing the puppy on the pee pad (as seen in photos on the exterior of the box).  All in all, this is a tremendous system and should help most dog owners in potty training their puppies. I still think there will be puppies that it won't work with, but I suspect it will be successful with most pups. Just a splendid concept all around.
948 This is the first pair of Cole Haan shoes that I have ever worn and they are quite a pleasant surprise. At first I was very dubious about them. They fit so tightly that I could barely get them on my feet. But I discovered that once I got them on, they were remarkably comfortable. Very tight yet soft is the way to describe it. If I had bought them in a shoe store I might have tried on a half size larger shoe, but there is a good chance that these will stretch out a little bit with time and fit perfectly. They weigh next to nothing and I can imagine that they would feel great standing on them for several hours. My only problem is that they are not really my style. I am more of a Sketchers kind of guy. Still, I'm sure I'll find occasions to wear these. They are expensive, but worth the cost. In the past I've looked at Sketchers, Eccos, Merrells, Rockports, and the like, but I will definitely be open to Cole Haans in the future.
949 For the longest time I used whatever kind of CD/DVD marker I could find in whatever store -- Staples, Best Buy, OfficeMax -- that I happened to be in at the time.  More often than not I found Maxell markers.  But I found their rather broad points not terribly effective.  The first time that I used these Sharpie markers, I knew that I'd found the only brand that I would use in the future.  Frankly, although the marker has two tips, the broader one is similar to the Maxell markers that I already didn't much care for.  But the other end, the finer tip, is exquisite, perfect for labeling discs.  Honestly, I don't even know why markers for CD/DVDs is made with the broader tips.  Sharpie makes these markers in a variety of tips, but I recommend basic black.  I take a pretty utilitarian approach to all this.  I want it to work.  And for most purposes the black works best.  And for all purposes, the narrower tip works best.  If Sharpie ever brings this same marker out with only the narrow tip, I'll switch to that.
950 I love gadgets thought I am not particularly sophisticated when it comes to understanding the minutiae of their inner workings. I have a good eye and ear for things, but I can't tell you all the specs of a device or of a recording. It took me a little while to figure out how to use this, but eventually I was able to use it to record 1080p and 60fps, first using a video camera that I ran through this video capture card, which was hooked  up to my laptop. I then was able to run a HDMI from my multimedia amplifier into the video capture card and was able to record something that I probably shouldn't say that I recorded, though I will quickly add that it was not for sharing or even personal use, but only as a test (seriously, it wasn't even something I was interested in watching, just something to see if I could capture on the card). The capture card is great because it is so small. I have contemplated starting my own Youtube channel and this is definitely something that I could use to do that. If you have a need to capture any kind of video, I can definitely recommend this.
951 Anyone remember a skit that Andy Kaufmann did on Saturday Night Live? He came out on stage holding a copy of THE GREAT GATSBY, sat down on a stool, and told the audience that he had never really understood the book when reading it in school, and proposed that he and the audience read it aloud and discuss it, so that he could understand what it was all about. Maybe that is needed here. I am not anti-kids or anti-teens. But high school students need constantly to remind themselves that they are not experienced readers, and that their opinions on books should be proffered with a necessary dose of humility--humility that they might not yet have learned to be a first rate reader. To pass a judgment on THE GREAT GATSBY like "it isn't so great" or "this is a bad book" or "this is boring" says absolutely nothing about the novel but a great deal about the presumptuous oaf uttering the statement. THE GREAT GATSBY--like ULYSSES, THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV, LOLITA, MOBY DICK, MIDDLEMARCH, or Proust--provides the measure of what a great novel can achieve.  But one isn't born able to read and appreciate great books; it is a skill achieved over the course of time. My advice to all the high schoolers who want to trash this book out of revenge for having been forced to read it: wait a few years, learn to read novels, gain a little more understanding of history, grow up a little, and then go back to it. The book will have remained the same, but you will have grown up sufficiently to get the point. Hopefully.
952 These are hand's down my favorite pocket T-shirts. Just about everything about the Eddie Bauer tees are optimal, from the appealing colors to the softness of the cotton cloth to the comfortable fit. Although I have a lot of T-shirts from a lot of different makes, I've sometimes fantasized about tossing all of my non-Eddie Bauer shirts and restocking with just these. Trust me, the day that I win the lottery, that is going to happen.  The thing that I love most about Eddie Bauer -- all of their clothes and not just their tees -- is that they are enormously comfortable to wear. I'm as far from a clothes horse as one will find. I obsess over buying books and DVDs, not clothes, but I get nearly as much joy out of one of these T-shirts as I do the books. In fact, they are one of the few clothing items that I will buy just as a treat to myself.
953 This is a really tough game for me to judge because I just really don't care for this kind of sniper mission game. I came to this immediately after finishing The Witcher 3 for the second time, which despite being a fantasy RPG still has that mission by mission structure (though they call them Quests instead). I found that this had good graphics, decent gameplay, and that it unfolded decently enough as things went along. But I just found the whole thing repulsive. I spent a good deal of time thinking about why I disliked this so much while loving games like The Witcher 3, Uncharted, Mass Effect, Bioshock, and Skyrim, and I believe that I've hit upon the answer. Those games - even Uncharted - are really set in worlds that don't exist. They are all make believe, while the two Tom Clancy games that I've (tried) to play are set more or less in the real world. Our world. And in the real world I don't want to think about going and killing the other guy before he builds his own drug empire. Just legalize drugs world wide and their empire will largely collapse tomorrow. It is like we never learned the lessons from Prohibition. So the Tom Clancy games feels like a paean to a world created by our own stupidity.  If you've enjoyed these kinds of games in the past, I assume that you will enjoy this one as well. The formula is the same, only the locale has changed. Meanwhile, I'm going to go play Horizon Zero Dawn.
954 This is an outstanding hole punch and the best one currently available for use in either the Stapels Arc or Levenger Circa disc notebook systems. The rating is unfairly bought down by the one reviewer who was not reviewing the product but the condition of an individual unit. I have had the good fortune of being able to try out both of the Levenger hole punches and the Staples punch, and while as a whole I tend to prefer Levenger versions to the Staples equivalents, in this case I strongly prefer the Staples version. The reason is the long arm that allows the use to exert more energy in punching the hole in the paper. The problem with the Levenger punch is that it does not have the long arm, with the result that you have to exert more force, with the possibility that the pages can slip, creating less accurate holes.  Until another option comes along - and assuming that the new option is superior - this will remain the best way to prepare paper for use with the disc notebooks.
955 I put off reading this novel for years despite rave reviews from several literarily astute friends.  I simply did not want to read a novel about Lee Harvey Oswald.  But last fall I read UNDERWORLD, which I consider one of  the 4 or 5 greatest American novels of the past 50 years.  As a result, I  decided finally to give LIBRA a chance. The bad news is that it doesn't  come anywhere near the level of UNDERWORLD, which is an astonishing tour de  force.  Fortunately, it is still better than the vast majority of English  languague novels of the past couple of decades.  Any serious reader will be  doing him or herself a favor by picking up this novel.
956 This is a real bargain.  I own a couple of Pure devices,  including one gigantic water tank that holds several gallons of water.  But containers are only as good as their filters. The price of these generic Filters will assure that more people will keep their filtering devices up to date.  I will definitely be getting them in the future.
957 This is a really lovely necklace that I was delighted to be able to give to my mother on Mother's Day. The photo provides a great idea of what it is like. The only thing I can add is that it is really good quality, which is something that can sometimes be fudged in photos. This looks great in the photo, and looks equally fine in real life. I definitely recommend it, though it is a very specific piece of jewelry. Guys should not buy this for themselves and girl should not buy them at all. This a child to parent kind of gift. But of that variety, it is outstanding.
958 There are a string of books similar to this one that discusses what life (or a simulation of what we think of as life) will be like "when" it will be possible to sustain consciousness past the death of one's body.  My own belief is in the future we will find self-aware cyborgs, or at least machines capable of passing the Turing Test. Alan Turing, who headed the team of code breakers that cracked the messages encoded by the German Enigma device - and who also built the computer that was at the heart of the project and made the decision to create the code by using the binary systems - coined the phrase 'artificial intelligence" and was the first to explore the subject in a series of essays in the late 1940s and early 1950s; he postulated that a machine could be said to think if someone asking either a machine or a person from another room could not tell whether or not they were, then a machine thus involved  could be said to have passed the Turing Test. Most TV fictional robots and Cyborgs are more than capable of passing the Turning test. Data from ST:TNG clearly passes the Turing Text as does the Cylons in BATTLESTAR GALATICA.
959 On a level of difficulty, on a scale from one to ten, I'd rank this about a seven. It is a large puzzle, but not impossibly so. You can work it fairly easily by matching up the text for the various postcards. But what makes it an especially fun puzzle is how attractive it is. Lots of warm, attractive colors. I've worked an embarrassingly large number of puzzles over the years, but this is lovely by almost any standard.  Ravensburger always makes the best puzzles, but this is one of their loveliest in their line.  One comment. This is a big puzzle. Even if you have a standard 37 inch by 37 inch card table, it won't fit. So if you decide to get it, pay attention to the dimensions and anticipate whether or not you have a space large enough to work it. If you do, I can't imagine anyone being disappointed with this one.
960 I remain a big fan of the jewelry line that Amazon backs. I don't know who is behind Amazon's push on jewelry products, but they have definitely done a great job of pushing out excellent jewelry for very reasonable prices. I suspect they manage this by taking out the middle man. They can take a smaller amount of profit than other sellers because the rest of the business supports any potential shortage in sales, which adds to the lowering of the price they arrive at by eliminating any middle man. So a nice looking pair of ear rings for a great price.  One other thing: I have found that all of Amazon's jewelry looks even better in person than in the photos.
961 I worried a bit over the rating to give this volume in Bill Willingham's FABLES series.  If judged by other volumes in the series, it would probably merit a 4 star rating.  But judged by the vast majority of comics and graphic novels, it easily deserves 5 stars.  So, 5 stars it is.  As other reviewers have noted, this collects four separate stories of unequal length.  The longest by far gives the title to the book, "Storybook Love."  This is a fun story entirely on its own merits, but it also sets up major changes in the books to come.  I can certainly recommend this book in the series, but I especially recommend the series as a whole.  And it isn't just fun.  I have read Grimms' Fairy Tales and much of Calvino's ITALIAN FOLKTALES, but I frequently find myself scurrying off to find out who this or that character in the story is.  Definitely one of the finest comics series around.
962 I recently got a laptop for the first time.  I had always preferred desktops because I did a lot of gaming, online or otherwise, and the video cards of laptops and their displays were signficantly below that of desktops.  But when I needed to replace my old built-it-myself computer I decided to get a laptop, given the dramatic improvement both in video cards and display.  With the 1080 resolution screen, I decided to get the built in Blu-ray burner.  The problem with the Blu-ray burner is that it would be very expensive to replace.  I therefore decided to get an inexpensive external burner to use for all possible DVD playing/burning, so as to prolong the life of the built in burner.  I can't express how happy I am with this burner.  It is fast.  I'm encountered just about no problems of any kind.  It isn't the fastest burner I've seen, but it works great considering that it is powered off the laptop via a USB cable.  The laptop instantly detected the burner upon connecting the USB cable.  I also loved the size of the burner, being about as small as you can imagine a burner being.  All in all, I am delighted with this burner and strongly recommend it to anyone in need of a nice, portable burner.  I especially recommend it to those who need/want to save the wear and tear on the internal burner on their laptop.
963 This is is very nice, high quality paper that is a nice compromise between what you would use for everyday printing and what you would use for very high quality printing. I typically use Hammermill 32 pound paper for nice printing. I find in my private writing that it is a nice reward to print it for archiving on really nice paper. While I prefer the heavier grade ultra white paper, this still have a lot of brightness and has that nonporous feel that you get from paper that almost reaches photographic quality. This isn't something that I would use for printing photos, but it is something that I would use for articles or documents that I want to keep for long term use. Great paper.
964 This is a worthy addition to the ongoing collection of stories of the Fables world of Bill Willingham, here assisted by Matthew Sturges.  I have to confess that it is perhaps my least favorite of all of the Fables books, but it is a testament to just how good the series as a whole is that I still like it very much.  My fear in starting to read the Jack series was that Jack was by far my least favorite major character in the Fables series.  The first Jack book was a complete delight partly because Jack was overshadowed by the introduction of a whole new group of Fables.  But this book puts him far more front and forward, and as a result the book suffers (at least for me).  The volume is broken into two stories of unequal length.  The first concerns his retelling of his earlier adventures as Jack Frost.  The second, longer, and better part dealt with Jack's adventures in Las Vegas, as he accidentally marries the daughter of a casino owner and then gets involved in the intrigues that result from the vendetta another Fable -- Lady Luck herself -- has against the family he has married into.  As always with the Fables books, the interest lies less with the overall story with the myriad of little details.  And Gary the Pathetic Fallacy (my brother wrote his doctoral dissertation on the personification of nature in literature, which is one guise of the Pathetic Fallacy) is back, who struggles throughout the story with his mannikin girlfriend.  All in all I thoroughly enjoyed this.  I have not bought the individual issues that make up the next volume, but I eagerly look forward to purchasing the next collection in the series.
965 I wanted to like this book a lot more than I did. The idea of one of the people with an insider's perspective writing a book on Dylan is, on the surface, a very exciting prospect. Unfortunately, this is a somewhat lackluster book. Part of the problem is the limitation of the format: the transcription of tapes. If the tapes could have been transformed into a rough manuscript which a ghost writer could have polished into something a bit more compelling, this might be a book with more appeal. As things stand, this is possibly my least favorite book on Dylan. To be fair, many of the books I prepare are actually books of criticism and don't rely on biographical information. But after reading Greil Marcus's several books on Dylan and David Hajdu's POSITIVELY 4TH STREET and Robert Shelton's NO DIRECTION HOME I just didn't feel that this one had very much additional to offer. I complete newcomer to Dylan might benefit, but I don't think many veteran fans will.
966 I like to think of these plates in strong terms. "Intensely Decorative." "Extremely Festive." You have to decide if you want to hand them on a wall or use them to serve Christmas cookies. For some reason the pictures of the plates don't do them justice. At the center of the plate is an exceptionally plumb and self-satisfied male cardinal. Upon seeing it, my mother was of the opinion that I should hang it on my wall, not just for the holidays, but permanently. I'm more inclined to han one for a while during the holidays while serving chocolate chip cookies or chocolate oatmeal cookies, my person speciality. I find then way too festie to even  for a second to consider using as permanent wall decorative plates because they are just a little too aggressively happy. They are of course quite lovely, as Lenox always manage to make their products. If you love over the top festive. If you like subtle, this isn't for you.
967 I'm giving this five stars despite the fact that I hate, hate, hate the camo appearance. I've basically been an urban guy for years and camo isn't really my style. But as a functional garment, this is spectacular. It manages to be both very warm and lightweight at the same time. I actually wear it only with a heavier Huntworth jacket, one that also has a hood. I end up using only the hood on this hoodie. I lived in Chicago for 32 years before returning to Little Rock, Arkansas a couple of years ago. This would have been a perfect hoodie for Chicago. The key to being comfortable in a cold climate is dressing in layers. This is a wonderful garment in that it is thin. So it provides a great yet thin layer, one that fits unobtrusively over a regular shirt and/or light sweater and that fits easily under either a heavyweight or medium weight jacket. I'm not a hunter, but I really love the way this feels.
968 I consider these dividers to be essential for use in either Arc or Circa notebook systems, especially if you are using the larger rings. The dividers not only help you to separate your pages by project or subject, but they help prevent pages from falling out. I love these systems (and as they two product lines are completely interchangeable, my notebooks are a mix of the two) but both have an unfortunate tendency to have some pages all out. I have two strategies to minimize this, one preventative, the other restorative. The preventative measure consists of using these dividers while minimizing the number of sheets that I keep in a notebook. The restorative is to tape edge reinforcers along the length of the page and then repunching the page. The page will then stay in the notebook, though if you did this to every sheet it would end up both bulky along the edge and expensive. The Arc and Circa systems remain my favorite in large part because of the diversity of supporting products. These notebooks are superb for working on projects. I write either quotes from books or my own notes on 5x8 notecards. I will then punch the short end and place them in my notebook. Or I might photocopy a couple of pages of a book and insert them in the notebook. I love this system and the way it help me be more productive. These dividers are among the accessories I consider essential.
969 One of my reading passions is presidential biography and my two favorite presidents are Lincoln and FDR. Neither had what could be termed a classically happy marriage. In the case of Eleanor and Franklin, much of the blame for their unhappiness attaches to Franklin, though I've always found it interesting that their children blamed her more than him; fans of Eleanor put this down to FDR's considerable personal charm, but the truth seems to be that they were not a very well suited for one another. I certainly don't condone the Lucy Mercer affair, but from everything I've read Eleanor's ideal relationships were passionate but proper, and most definitely platonic. Some believe that Hick was an exception to the platonic , but I'm not so sure. Her own children were split on the question of whether or not she was sexually active after Franklin and I've never found anything to convince me that she and Hick enjoyed a physical relationship. She unquestionably enjoyed the language of 19th century romantic friendship. Before I move on, let me just say that I don't find any evidence that FDR was sexually active after Eleanor found out about his earlier relationship with Lucy Mercer to be convincing. The evidence seems to be that FDR was capable of sexual relations but I believe the reports of children who believe that he had too much personal personal pride to have any potential lover see him in his weakened condition. I think there is a lot of merit in this and find it persuasive.
970 I'm almost tempted to state that Belle and Sebastian might be the masters of the EP.  Certainly no other band that I know has put so much of their best work on EPs.  This was their first EP and I find all four songs on the disc to be irresistible.  "Dog on Wheels" is one of my favorite songs by the band, but even so I like "The State I Am In" perhaps even more.  Few bands ever have written such wonderfully melodic songs, and this is a prime example.  But there really are no weak cuts on the disc.  Belle and Sebastian are often compared to such performers as Donovan and the Smiths, but I have never heard anyone contrast them with Love.  But I defy anyone to listen to FOREVER CHANGES and the to the horns in "Dog on Wheels" and not hear a strong similarity.  Indeed, one of the few albums full of as many marvelous melodies is Love's great classic.
971 This is a first rate though very unique adapter that is of limited use for most computer owners, but a life saver for those who truly need it. StarTech.com makes absolutely first rate adapters that fill niche needs for computer users. Over the years I've had specific needs for adapters that apparently did not exist. StarTech.com now makes those very difficult to find adapters. I strongly recommend this company - more than the specific adapter - since they specialize in the adapters that no one else sees the point of making. Their adapters will necessarily be a bit more expensive, simply because their is so little demand for them. If you have a specific need that you are having trouble finding a product for, visit their website and locate the item
972 This is a really way to explore the US Civil War in deep cuts, with a host of authors - some historians, some fiction writers, some journalists, some political scientists, some none of the above - writing generally delightful in depth but sometimes unexpected mini-articles on the Civil War. I took to reading one or two each night after getting into bed. This isn't adequate as a study of the Civil War. For that I think one is still best off reading McPherson's BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM or, if one is up for three huge volumes, Shelby Foote's THE CIVIL WAR: A NARRATIVE HISTORY, or if you want something recent, the really outstanding A SAVAGE WAR: A MILITARY HISTORY OF THE CIVIL WAR by Williamson Murray and Wayne Hsieh. But DISUNION makes a great addition to the library of a Civil War buff, short but surprisingly in depth articles on aspects of the war that sometimes gets overlooked. Definitely a must-get for Civil War buffs. By the way, this is a BIG book. Physically it is nearly the size of coffee table books, but also the font is small. So there are a lot of words here. Luckily the articles are consistently though not universally outstanding. I learned a lot and I've read maybe 125 to 150 books on the Civil War, excluding books on Lincoln, which would add another hundred books. So there is some good stuff here.
973 This was a very, very disappointing product. The idea is a great one, to have five different colors of the Levenger annotated paper so that the colors could be easily distinguished for different projects. And if the paper had been of the same relative quality as the other Levenger papers this might have worked, but unfortunately the colored paper is not as good as the Staples Arc paper. If you use a fountain pen, as I do, the results can be especially disappointing. The paper bleeds badly.  The only way that I can recommend this paper is if you use ball point pens. Not gel pens; ball point pens only. The quality of ball point pens is so low to begin with that not enough ink reaches the page to begin with. Gel pens, though not as good as fountain pens, nonetheless get enough ink on the page to cause it to bleed through.  So this was a major disappointment.  Speaking exclusively to quality of the paper for the Staples Arc and Levenger Circa systems, the paper quality tends to go like this:  1. Best - Rhodia paper made particularly for Levenger. 2. Next Best - Basic Levenger brand of paper. 3. Basic Staples Arc paper 4. Multicolor Levenger paper  There is one other option and I use this for particular projects. There are a number of websites that provide preformatted designs. I like a lot of the designs that David Seah offers on his site. What you can do is download a template and print it on 32 pound photo paper. The result is exceptionally  nice paper.  But just don't get the multicolor paper found here.
974 This is an excellent and helpful introductory set of essays by leading Anglo-American Proust scholars that will prepare any beginner for working his or her way through Proust's masterpiece.  As in any anthology, some of the essays are more rewarding than others.  Many of the pieces provide a stellar introduction to Proust and Proust's world, while some (especially some of the later essays in the volume) are as impenetrable as some of Proust's own longer and unfathomable sentences.  Nonetheless, anyone unfamiliar with Proust will come away well prepared to read and study Proust's masterpiece.  A word of warning:  if it is important to you not to know plot details (though Proust is hardly about plot; it isn't the destination in Proust, it is the getting there that counts) before reading a book, then you might want to consider skipping this.  Personally, I believe that Proust is one of those rare authors about whose tale one needs to know as much as possible before reading. The volume is apt to be of less value to Proust scholars, or even serious readers who have read the biographies by either Carter or Tadie, or the critical works of Roger Shattuck, or others (both Carter and Shattuck have essays in this volume).  The best essays in the collection tend to be those that are more introductory in nature.  The weaker essays tend to be those that are more specialized and focused on specific issues in Proust. Overall, however, I encourage anyone needing an introductory work on Proust to consider spending some time working through the essays in this book.
975 This is a typically attractive plate by Lenox. It is simple design: an uneven circle with gold trim and a very light blue color to the plate.  It is your typically high quality plate, entirely appropriate for fine dining events. Now, I have to be honest, this is also the least ornate and most conservative Lenox. This is the kind of plate that depends on its larger setting for its attractiveness. In looking at the other Lenox plates, this is the least attractive one that I have reviewed and that isn't exceptionally beautiful entirely on its own. So while I like this plate, it doesn't delight me like most of the other  products they have made. Therefore, this is not a plate you build a dinner setting around, but something that complements other things you build around. This isn't to say that this isn't a very nice plate; it is simply that this isn't the kind of plate that will illicit the kind of notice that others by the same manufacturer will.
976 No one is more qualified to talk about the lives of Orcas in human captivity than John Hargrove, who is the former senior Orca trainer at Seaworld. And the long and short of it is that he doesn't like it. He questions whether it is possible to meet the needs or even provide basic healthcare for Orcas in captivity and as one reads his compelling account, one wonders whether it it good for humans as well. The case he builds against Orca captivity - one that causes tremendous mental and physical harm to a creature that has evolved to live in vast areas of ocean - is a strong one. Orca's, like most cetaceans, life shorter lives in captivity, and there is no evidence that they are happier lives. Hargrove clearly loves the Orcas he has known, and some of them such as Corky and Takara, emerge vividly as individuals with very much their own personalities.  Over the decades zoos have undergone extensive criticism and evaluation, and while they are far from perfect, many have provided better habitats for many of their animals, some zoos reducing by half their animal population so that they can provide larger habitats for the remaining animals. But one wonders whether a large number of the larger animals at aquariums should be kept in captivity at all.  If you love animals or are concerned with the basic moral concern for our fellow inhabitants of the universe, this is an important book. I personally do not plan on going to any aquarium again until they have eliminated their large mammal population.
977 This has become an essential item for me to order each month. My German Shepherd, named Lion, and I play a game on an almost daily. I simply ask, "Do you want to play the Treat Game?" and he gives a little squeal and starts running around waiting for me to get out the Duck and Chicken Jerky. We go through a lot of jerky so the challenge was to find a product that was both high quality and yet a good price. The Kingdom Pets bags are pretty huge, 40 ounces for the duck jerky and 48 ounces for the chicken jerky. We go through most of a bag of each every month. I hide the jerky all over the place, and Lion runs all over the place sniffing out where I've hidden them. I actually cut back on how much dry food that I feed him so that I will not have to cut back on how much jerky I feed him. He is a lot happier getting to play an extended game of hunting for his food. Most people will probably not want to feed their dog this much jerky, but he does well on it, plus I'm always careful to feed him only the very best dry food. He has fun and is tremendously stimulated by it. He gets to be a hunter, even if it is just hunting stationary prey. I hide the jerky and he spends around 45 minutes searching all over the house for every little piece. And given how great a German Shepherd's nose is, he never fails to find every speck of jerky. I recommend this as highly as possible.
978 I have a home network that is partly wired and partly wireless. I love how compact and easy to use this TP-Link switch is. I don't think you will find a better switch for the price or one that is less obtrusive. I can't imagine that many home users or even many small business owners would need a more complex piece of hardware than this. And it is simple. Just plug it in, put your Ethernet cords in the connectors, and get on with things. If you have a business that does need more than 8 ports, they make 16, 24, and 48 port versions.  Over the past couple of years TP-Link has gradually become one of the companies whose products I trust and rely upon. I like their products, like their ease of use, and love the high quality combined with bargain price.
979 I'm giving these four rather than five stars because I'm not in love with the look of these. Amethysts are just a bit too pale looking for my taste. Look, if you need some earrings for a purple outfit or just like the color of these earrings, you'll love these. There is nothing in the world wrong with these. I am just not a fan of them. But if you like the look of these earrings in the photo, you'll love them in reality.
980 This is one of those products that is virtually impossible to review unless you are working carefully with a vet or someone with sufficient technical proficiency to make an intelligent judgment. I have no ability to make such a judgment, so I will instead talk about the things I can. First off, I take my dog for a walk in the Chattahoochee National Recreation Center trails every single day unless it is too hot or raining very hard. I've read that it is extremely unlikely that any of us - canine or human -  have been able to avoid worms of some sort. So I was more than willing to dose my dog. The only thing I can say is that I had absolutely no trouble getting my dog to take the tablets. Heck, he'd have taken three or four more if I'd had them.  If you are looking to deworm your dog, he or she will definitely consider it a treat to get one of these.
981 This is an amazing collection of short stories, that fills in gaps in the immortal Prydain Chronicles. Among the stories are the chilling story of Spiral Castle and the sword Dyrnwyn, a story of crime and horrific  punishment, and the story of Angharad, Eilonwy's mother, who defied  tradition and orders for true love. Also, the backstory for the three hags  in the Marshes of Morva, the book of Three, and the foundling Dallben. A  must-see for Prydain fans.
982 Erma Bombeck has crafted a glorious travel book that explains just why you should keep your behind firmly planted indoors. Over the course of the  book, she goes to Mass in a church where people go topless (and yes, I mean  the women), goes to Europe with the weirdest bunch of people ever to go on  a tour, tackles the hard rolls from hell, and buys the tiniest mobile home  in history. She dryly comments on every weird detail of travelling  further than five miles, from languages to airplanes to foreign bathrooms  to travel snobs to stuffing yourself with food.  Oh, and guess the meaning  of this if you haven't read the book: "Number One Jesus  Man." BTW if you enjoyed this book, scamper off and check out  "Dave Barry's Only Travel Guide You'll Ever Need" and "If  God Had Meant For Us To Travel". These guys are a bit wackier, but  just as funny.
983 Avi weaves an intricate web of political plots and magical suspicions. In a Renaissance country that resembles Spain or Portugal, a reported magician named Mangus and his servant boy Fabrizo are brought to the king. A ghost  is haunting the young Princess Teresina, who is to be wed to villainous  Count Scarazoni in a few days time. All the while, the possibility that the  ghost is the murdered Prince Lorenzo hangs over them. Fabrizo soon is  submerged into a twisting tale of treachery and power, spirituality and  trickery. Avi's characters are intriguing and real, especially weary  Mangus, independent Fabrizo, and mischievous Teresina. Some of the  characters are a bit flat, including the queen and Scarazoni, but it does  not detract much from the story; Lorenzo's whereabouts are somewhat obvious  after a while. However, Avi's imagery and dialogue are wonderful, and the  magic woven into the words makes this an interesting and enjoyable read.
984 This book was sadly out-of-print for many years, but was brought back just recently. That's good, because quite honestly Star Trek books tend to follow a specific formula: crew arrives on planet, encounters problem, fixes problem, lives happily ever after. This book takes a weirder outlook... it's more what people would write for fanfiction than an actual novel, which is a darn shame! Dilithium is valuable--you find that out within a short amount of time. And when amazing deposits of it are found on the relatively-advanced planet Direidi (Dee-RYE-dee) both a Klingon cruiser and the USS Enterprise are sent there to stake a claim. But the inhabitants of the planet are apparently going to have some fun with our heroes... Frankly the summary sounds a bit dry, but this book is anything but. Combine a neurotic Vulcan, a crazy computer, an inflatable starship, a princess in love, peppermint Vulcan milkshakes, Kirk fending off a Klingon with soda-water, blue grits, and a lot of weird songs. And the climax is to DIE for. It's goofy, but it's fun. If you insist on the characters rigidly adhering to what you see on the show, then you will hate this book. If you're willing to see them loosen up, dance and sing, and get involved in madcap adventures, then you will love this book!
985 William Shakespeare is best known as a playwright. When you think of Shakespeare, you automatically think of plays -- "Romeo and Juliet," "Macbeth," "Hamlet," etc.  But he was also a poet of considerable skill. And while he sprinkled his various plays with poetry and songs, his poems are best appreciated when they're read all by themselves -- particularly the cluster of brilliant "Sonnets" that he penned. These works just have a unique, hauntingly vivid flavour of their own.  Each sonnet has no title, and is simply identified by numbers. And while Shakespeare's love poems are the best known of these works, he addresses different themes in theme -- old age, writer's block, loneliness, the cruelty of the world, sex, beauty, a mysterious rival poet, and Shakespeare's own complicated romantic feelings (love that "looks upon tempests and is not shaken").  And these poems are absolutely lovely. Some of these sonnets are pretty well-known ("Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?/Thou art more lovely and more temperate") but most of them are a little more obscure. They have vivid metaphors and imagery ("let not winter's ragged hand deface," "gold candles fix'd in heaven's air") and hauntingly lovely passages ("What is your substance, whereof are you made,/That millions of strange shadows on you tend?").  And these sonnets really give you new insights into Shakespeare as a person -- he feels uncertainty, passionate love, unhappiness, lust and quirky humor. But while it's obvious these sonnets were deeply personal, they can still be appreciated on their own, particularly as love poetry.  William Shakespeare's "Sonnets" are rich with meaning, language and atmosphere -- the Elizabethan English takes a little deciphering, but it's well worth it.
986 "Yeah yeah I'm borderline/Yeah yeah I'm California" sings Katy Rose in her debut, "Because I Can." The defiant title and jaded songs only add to the impression of Avril growing up into Liz Phair. But Rose's sarcastic little album has only a faux-bad-girl attitude. The power-pop album starts off with the sarcastic, rather hollow "Overdrive," which sets the tone of the rest of "Because I Can." The remaining songs are a mix of the trite and gauzy ("Watching the Rain," the dark-airy "Enchanted"), shaky rockers (the shrieking "Vacation"), jazzier slow songs (L.A. song "Snowflakes") and the so-so acoustic ballad "Catch My Fall."  If Liz Phair brimmed over with teen angst, she would sound something like Rose. This teen not-pop singer informs us whenever she can that she is unhappy, jaded, disillusioned, but never really why. It's hard to take disillusionment seriously if it is baseless. As a result, Rose seems less like a "real" girl than a pretentious one with some musical promise.  The lyrics show some promise, but stumble over themselves with lines like "I can't stop thinking of your face/La la lee la lee loo lace." What? Sprinkled through them are too many references to blood, kisses, and the occasional Francesca Lia Block reference ("For Shangri-LA is always dry"). She has a nice grip on the electric piano and bass, but it doesn't really have the verve and originality that one would expect.  Katy Rose has some promise, that can't be denied. There are glimmers of talent in her songwriting and singing. But for now, it isn't worth checking out "Because I Can." Because she can't. Not yet, anyway.
987 "Shortest Stories of Love and Death" is one title that cannot be seen without being examined. Whatis actually inside is less scintillating, while still being a moderately entertaining read and a very good idea. The contents have short stories, written in fewer than 55 lines and written on the subject of love, death, or both. This "prose haiku" is known as a drabble, a story of under one hundred words, and is sometimes effective in evocating certain ideas. A lot of the stories are quite amusing, like the bizarre "Bon Appetit," wry "Fire Next Time," wink-nod drabble "Gertrude's Soliquoy" for fans of Shakespeare, wryly dark "Plan B," and the hilarious "To Air is Human." But, in a collection of many people's stories, there are also the too-weird-to-be-amusing, the grisly, and sometimes the plain dumb. "Denial on his Lips" was something I simply did not understand. "Type-A Personality" was apparently supposed to be funny, but wasn't; likewise with "Top Bananas and Rotten Apples." Like all short story collections written by many people, this is a very mixed bag with the good and the bad intermingled. Nevertheless, if readers are in the mood for some very brief reading, they might enjoy this.
988 "AmazonBasics" is a pretty good name for these headphones -- basic, but of pretty good quality.  In fact, the AmazonBasics On-Ear Headphones are a good item for people who prefer not to use earbuds. The earpieces are large enough to comfortably fit over a person's ears, without squishing them or sliding off as some cheaper headphones do.   The headband is pretty strong and has a foam pad to avoid chafing on the top of the head, and the earpieces can swivel flat to allow easier storage. As for the sound quality, it's pretty good. I applied it to both an iPod Shuffle and a laptop computer, and both of them didn't even require full volume for me to clearly hear them.  What are the cons? Well, there are no external controls for volume adjustment (unsurprising, considering the price), and the cord tangles rather easily. I'm not even sure how it happened!  It also comes with a small cloth bag for storage.  So if you're in need of solid basic headphones, then AmazonBasics On-Ear Headphones are a pretty good no-frills option -- solid, good sound quality, and comfortable.
989 Buffalo Daughter is probably the least conventional rock band that still has appeal -- like taking an acid trip through a DJ's turntable. And that applies even more so to "Captain Vapour Athletes," their wildly hypnotic (and wildly uneven) avante-rock debut.  Experimentation is heavy in this album -- it opens with the sonic twiddle "Counter Parrot," later follows up with drum pitter-patter "Vampeeee," and reaches its weirdness climax with "Dr. Moooog," with its spaceship sound effects. Buffalo Daughter aren't afraid to simply sprinkle in stuff that has nothing do with music, and somehow these fit the album. But there are also songs like "Silver Turkey" (reportedly about buses), catchy "California Blues," and the sprawling, bizarre epic of "LI303VE."  Basically, "Captain Vapour Athletes" is a potent mixture of random, sometimes pointless sounds, and mind-blowing electro-rock songs. It's far less conventional than their second album "New Rock," and not too engaging. But it's also weirdly hypnotic -- it's hard to stop listening, because who knows what sonic flourishes could be missed if you do?  Instrumentation is where Buffalo Daughter rarely goes wrong. Some loud rock guitars spurt in and out, and Sugar Yoshinaga takes center stage in songs like "Silver Turkey." Keyboards often push the guitars out of the way, layered and adding a strangely spacey sound as Moog Yamamoto does his magic. Then there are heavy basslines, weird sound effects (is that a parrot?) and turntable madness.  "Captain Vapour Athletes" is a growing pain -- Buffalo Daughter was still experimenting, still growing into their sound. It's a curiously engaging exercise, but not the best they have done.
990 "These tales are of the things that befell gods and men in Yarnith, Averon, and Zarkandhu, and in the other countries of my dreams." No better summary can be given than this, a hint at what's ahead. "Time and the Gods" is best described as a collection of invented myths, dreamed up by fantasy pioneer Lord Dunsany.  In it, you will find tales of Slid, an upstart young god; the Dawnchild, who loses her golden ball, but ends up creating the Sun; the hideous Pestilence; Time and how it could overthrow even what the gods favored -- making it more powerful than the gods; laughter, prophecies, doom and hope, punishment, heroes, night and day, gods and human beings.  J.R.R. Tolkien is often credited with creating the fantasy genre as we know it. But Dunsany was one of the handful of fantasy writers who came first -- even creating mythical gods, cities, heroes and legends before Tolkien penned the Silmarillion. As a result, his stories are refreshingly original and untainted by any other writer's work.  Dunsany wrote enchantingly in this book. His prose is majestic and lush in manner, which may scare off people who prefer lighter reads. This isn't something that can be skimmed, like the Bible or the Iliad can't be skimmed. They're too complex, and too rich. Dunsany had an exquisite manner of writing, and he never skimps on lush details and beautiful descriptions.  Fans of classic fantasy -- or readers looking for something fresh and thoroughly cliche-free -- might enjoy "Time and the Gods," with Dunsany's rich writing and imagination.
991 Probably the most interesting aspect of the "Coffee Table Book" is the obvious pun of the title; beyond that, it's basically a lot of avant-garde furniture. Most coffee table books are just giant books that sit and collect dust on people's coffee tables.  But this? It's a book, and it's about coffee tables. Get it? Yeah, yeah. So did "Seinfeld's" Kramer. And without the kooky sidekick to give it an entertaining twist, the "Coffee Table Book" really comes across as rather boring, except to aficionados of interior design.  The photography is quite pretty, and most of the coffee tables are interesting -- they range from futuristic to icky (a topless, leather-clad woman on all fours makes up the base of one -- shades of "Spinal Tap") to 100% ordinary. Some are flowing structures of metal, wood and glass, while others are garish blobs of plastic.  The problem is, you can only look at pictures of coffee tables for so long. And it doesn't help that the little text blurbs accompanying each picture really don't illuminate much. A tiny shred of history, and maybe a quote are included. As a result, it feels like a hardcover furniture catalog, with only one item of furniture included.  It's a cute idea, but the "Coffee Table Book" is too long and bland to be of any actual interest. It would be best on -- you guessed it -- the coffee table, so guests can chuckle at the title.
992 This is quite possibly the funniest Shakespearan book in the history of the world! Though Americans might find some of the lingo challenging ("snog", for example) the gist of it comes across as a bizarre  and gut-splitting tabloid book, interspersed with "Dear Aunt  Bard" columns and sales flyers for "Shylock's Kosher  Wine." If you are a serious Shakespeare person, do not read this  book. If you can read a parody, read it!
993 Vivian Vande Velde has already proved herself a master of fantasy. Now she proves that she is a master of logic also! Having noted the numerous and often laughable flaws in the fairy tale "Rumplestiltskin," Ms. Vande Velde entertains with her wry observations -- and droll retellings. For instance, how could a person with his foot caught "tear himself in two"? Is that physically possible? Why did Rumplestiltskin want the girl's gold ring if he can spin gold himself? Why the heck would he want a baby? Well, VVV has the answer. She produces multiple retellings of the story: the miller's daughter is chasing the king. Rumplestiltskin is a woman. Rumplestiltskin is not just a repulsive little troll -- and has a secret identity. Surprise endings and weird twists (and very good questions) are presented, all in VVV's unique style and peppered with her sense of humor. Though twelve bucks may seem like a lot for a small book, don't let the size deter you. In laughs per page, it more than pays off...
994 A competant enough translation, not the best or the worst that is out there. I can't say yea or nay about how Lady Charlotte Guest did with the source materials of the book, but I have to say that it's pretty entertaining. It chronicles various tales from Wales, going back to ancient legends about heroes and gods, and then forward in time to recognizable elements such as King Arthur. Since this is a Dover thrift book (one of the pricier ones, since it's longer) the quality is so-so; the cover artwork is better than most of the thrift books, and the paper is only a little better than newpaper-quality. In terms of readability, however, Guest's Mabinogion does not win any prizes. The translated sentences really could use a little tweaking, and often dialogue between several people is crammed together into one long paragraph. This is not only distracting, but hard to read. Overall, it is fairly nice but needs an editor to tweak it in places. Fans of fantasy as well as mythology may want to check this out, especially if they are fans of the Prydain or Lost Years of Merlin series. For more readable Celtic myths, try Ella Young's "Celtic Wonder Tales."
995 It's always hard to tell what a piece of jewelry looks like online, especially regarding the size. With "Sterling Silver Blue and White Diamond Double Heart Pendant Necklace," you more or less get what you see in the picture.  The pendant portion is not very small, since the double heart pendant is approximately the size of an average person's thumbnail. It's a dainty pendant, and fairly pretty. It has visible tiny chips of blue diamond on the inner heart, which is quite pretty, but I couldn't really make out the white diamond chips amid the sterling silver texturing.  However, the design is a little bit awkward. The chain is much flimsier than the pendant, and it has a tendency to get looped around and twisted, which will flip the pendant around in odd ways. I wasn't initially sure how it was supposed to hang.
996 Last year's "Fellowship of the Ring Visual Companion" was a must-have for newbies to Middle-Earth, who previously didn't know what a hobbit was or what the big deal was about an elf/human romance.  Jude Fisher follows up with the "Two Towers Visual Companion," to give readers little bits and pieces that aren't quite in the movies. Fisher goes over the various people, places, and occasionally new races that are introduced in "Two Towers." She doesn't recap much stuff from the previous movie, so if you want to fully understand this book, pick up the "Fellowship" guide first. It's sprinkled with plenty of bright pictures, usually several for each character, and background information that will be new to some who've only watched the movie. (For example, the tale of Beren and Luthien is contrasted to Aragorn and Arwen's involvement, and Gollum's history is spelled out in greater detail). Fans will definitely want to check out the pictures of Treebeard, Grima Wormtongue, and the battle of Helm's Deep. It's sort of a guidebook to Middle-Earth, and so mainly the areas of greatest activity are shown. That means not a lot of hobbit stuff. However, there's a great fold-out map of the Helm's Deep Battle, and a very poetic foreword by actor Viggo Mortenson in which he praises Jude Fisher and briefly analyzes the depths of "Lord of the Rings." (Mortenson's literary skill is never more evident than it is here) This book is primarily intended for people who haven't read the books, but longtime fans may enjoy it as well.
997 Birmingham, Alabama's Nineteen Forty Five (also called 1945), is the best kind of underrated rock, by one of the best bands nobody's heard of: solid instrumentation, imaginative songs, and a spark and creativity that isn't seen in many places. So treasure it here, in "I Saw a Bright Light." There's solid steady rock such as "She Takes Drugs," the fast scintillating "Sylvia Plath," the softer rock ballad "Glass Diamond," the insanely catchy "Police Let Her Get Away," melancholy suicide song "Someday I'll End It All," rollicking rockpop "Aurora Borealis," the hard-to-decipher ballad "Living on the Waves," minimalist rock "Hair By Design," and finishing up with the plaintive rock song "I'm Still Singing."  One of the most interesting aspects of  Nineteen Forty Five is the vocals; in some of the songs, such as "She Takes Drugs," Katherine McElroy and Hunter Manasco are singing the lyrics together. The blend of their voices adds to the likably peculiar tone of the album. The guitar and bass are great, especially in "Sylvia Plath" where the music flickers and undulates with a backdrop of guitar chords. The lyrics are fantastic, no other word for them. ("She takes drugs and moves into the trees/and looking like a ghost/she's now a form of snow...") They bring to mind lips like ribbons, snowflakes "as big as flames," vines growing out of a girl's head and suicides singing in their cars. The tone is melancholy and a little jaded at times, but very beautiful. Possibly an improvement on their debut album, "I Saw a Bright Light" is a saddening lover's fantastical daydream on a chilly day. Highly recommended to lovers of music.
998 Finding good music is hard to do. Finding good, well-written, well-sung and original stuff is even harder, but Tea Party's exceptional "Edges of Twilight" manages to be all of the above. With a sort of exotic-rock edge reminiscent of classic bands (Led Zeppelin, The Doors), "Edges" is a treat. Among them is the wonderful rock opener "Fire in the Head" ("I'm waiting/flowers of evil in my mind/and I'm waiting/dancing with fire on the edge") and the more exotic "Bazaar," the exquisite "Sister Awake," the amazing "Drawing Down the Moon," the strangely sexy, frightening "Walk With Me," and the very different, almost Middle-Eastern "Inanna" ("Into the starlit sea my love/into the moonlit sea/riding the crest of winds above/I'm begging you stay with me"). Even when the songs are simply written, the references to fire, "the sun in the flame,"  drawing down the moon, red rivers going to the sea, "the city of the evening star," idols speaking at twilight, moonlit seas, and the unnamed love riding the winds back to the narrator. There's a mystical-sounding edge to virtually every song on here, though that's not a quality usually assigned to rock-ier songs. The vocals are good, and the music more than makes up for any flaws; the guitar playing is some of the best I've heard for a long while, backed up by keyboard, sitar, drums, bells, and more. While being influenced from some of the best of classic rock, "Tea Party" is entirely their own animal, with amazing songs that most bands can only dream of. Original, alluring, and a definite winner for fans of amazing music.
999 "Feelgood Lost" was the first Broken Social Scene album, although their second "You Forgot It In People" was what really broke this eclectic, smooth band into the limelight. The debut less polished and more raw, but the ambience and richness are definitely there.  It starts with the slow, shimmery "I Slept With Bonhomme At The CBC," before shifting into the steady, unexceptional "Guilty Cubicles." A more rock-edged sound appears (the slow-burning "Love and Mathematics"), along with eerie songs (the experimental-sounding "Passport Radio" and too-quiet "Blues for Uncle Gibb") and melodious pop (the stately "Alive in 85," bouncy "Cranley's Gonna Make It").  The sound of "Feelgood Lost" is a lot less polished and complex than their second album. But don't be deceived -- this is no demo or B-side album. It's just a group that hadn't fully come into bloom yet. There's rock, there's pop, there's even the murmuring, sweeping experimental soud of "Passport Radio," which sounds like the soundtrack to a surrealist computer-animated movie.  Violins, keyboard and synthesizers meld together seamlessly from the very start, with faintly strumming guitars and steady percussion underneath it. There's even a bit of fuzz guitar at the end of "Love and Mathetmatics." The funny thing about Broken Social Scene is how the music all seems to meld together into one big shimmering whole, especially in the slower, softer numbers.  Sweet, silvery atmospheric pop is the staple of Broken Social Scene, and their first album lives up magnificently to that. It's a bit rougher, but the spirit of it is still there. "Feelgood Lost" isn't lost anymore...
1000 Shakira's rousing Latin music, belly-dancing and pleasant personality have snagged the attention of the American public. Alas, now she has her own fan-oriented biography -- a rather vague background outline, peppered with career information and talk of how great she is. "Woman" follows Shakira from her childhood as a bright, talented child to a burgeoning singing sensation in her native Columbia, then finding instant stardom in the US. Her religion, her family, her boyfriends, and her insights into life (such as when a bag of her songs was stolen) are gone into, but not in-depth. Few biographies of actors or singers who are still alive are any good. However, "Woman" is lacking even among the quickie celebrity biographies. Ximena Diego, a Spanish-language entertainment editor, shoots for a professional look at Shakira, and succeeds in outlining her career, her CDs, her career ups-and-downs, and the festivals and concerts she played at. Unfortunately, there isn't much more to the biography than that. Ximena Diego is a fan of Shakira's, and it shows. We're told frequently how talented, how sweet, how wonderful Shakira is. Why do we need to be told at all? The most frustrating thing is that while Diego has clearly done her research, she fails to balance out Shakira's personal interactions with her professional life. There's hardly anything about her friends or non-music accomplishments. Die-hard Shakira completists may want this, or people who are just finding out about her. But for those who want something of substance about the "woman full of grace," wait for the next book.
1001 When a strip has a name as tasteful and enlightening as "Zits," you know it'll be a winner. And the third "Sketchbook" just came out! The absence of "Calvin and Hobbes" left a hole in the witty humor department for a very long time (the WP newspaper has replaced it with the abysmal "Boondocks") but Zits has an almost eerie similarity to it in structure--as well as the fact that Jeremy has a remarkable resemblance to a six-foot-tall Calvin. It's "Calvin: The Teen Years." Jeremy Duncan is a fifteen-year-old boy who lives in an average home in the suburbs. He tolerates his out-of-it-but-smart parents Walt and Connie, secretly longs for the unattainable Sarah (think of Susie at fifteen), and hangs out with best friend Hector (Hobbes has morphed into a Hispanic high-schooler with more wisdom than Jeremy can ever have). Jeremy is such an "ordinary" teenager that it's astounding. He longs to be dangerous and edgy, but only makes himself look weird in the process. His schemes and daydreams are funny and very realistic. Hector is the best friend we all want--he's wise, funny, interesting, and against his better judgement he always goes along with Jeremy. But this isn't a joke at the expense of the parents: Walt and Connie are almost as funny as their son. Though he thinks they are clownish pains, they are actually much smarter than he gives them credit for. "Un-chill" and passe, Connie has a biting wit and Walt a quiet wit. Parents will definitely sympathize. If you're an adult, you'll be transported back to your teenage years. If you're a teen, you'll nod in agreement.
1002 French duo Air returns to top form with the excellent "Talkie Walkie," a charming collection of cool, soft electropop. Air fans won't be disappointed by the combination of the strong points of past releases. It sounds fresh and new, but not TOO new. Air stays connected to what it's done in the past.  "Talkie Walkie" is a solid collection of pop (the haunting "Run" and beautiful "Cherry Blossom Girl"), psychedelica (catchy, futuristic-sounding "Surfing on a Rocket") and beautiful instrumentals (the sweeping acoustic-based "Mike Mills"). As an additional bonus, the CD comes with a bonus DVD, which contains some truly exquisite music videos.  Don't expect the second chapter of "Moon Safari." The latest Air release has a more experimental sound, as if they're trying to make everything balance out. And their attempt is pretty much successful. The dreamy, slightly vulnerable songwriting blends perfectly with a mix of acoustic and electronic music.  At times, "Talkie Walkie" sags slightly with a riff that doesn't belong or a song that could have been shorter. Most of the time, though, it boasts some pretty impressive instruments -- piano, strings, electric drums, bells and smooth soundscapes. Lyrics are simple, especially in the sweet love song "Venus" ("If you walk in the sun/I will be your shadow").  Smooth, cool and otherworldly, "Talkie Walkie" is a beautifully-made release by a talented band. This elegant album is a must-have for music fans.
1003 I wonder if, in a hundred years, someone will write an adult "sequel" to the Harry Potter books, which would mutilate loved characters and situations and taint the original books. Pray that no one does. Because that is what Moody has done here. This book is trash--pure garbage. Over the course of this book, she carefully mangles the characters so that they are hardly recognizable as the lovable kids who grow into friends in "Secret Garden." This book is written like a thousand other novels, in style and structure, and might not have been so horrible if she hadn't been using the original author's characters. Dicken, Colin, and Mary bear no resemblance to themselves. I fully agree with Shelly Treadway--Burnett would have done virtually anything to keep something like this from being done with her characters (I know, because I have some of my own). The delightful promise, healing, and hope of "Secret Garden" have been carefully eradicated from this volume. This book is a travesty, and should be universally banned. If you have had the misfortune to read it, I advise you to read the REAL story to clean your psyche and dismiss THIS as published fanfiction.
1004 I read Rebecca and adored it - the subtle darkness and drama, the nuances that one only picked up on the second and third readings, the intense yet always likeable characters, the delectable prose... I hardly even glanced at "Parasites" when I bought it (thankfully, I only spent a  dollar at a used bookstore) and eagerly sat down to read it. Two hours later I tossed down the book, feeling depressed and cynical about humanity in general. This books follows the lives of three siblings, the children of equally self-absorbed actors, who are "parasites." Each one has the capacity for greatness, given their respective talents, but each wastes them on cheap, unnoticeable books, music, and stage plays. If you're a fan of flashbacks you might like this - their lives in the 20s to 40s  are covered over a massive number of pages, after a look at them in the "present"  day. But this book hadn't DuMaurier's other books' sparkling prose and intense dialogue, or any of the spinetingling atmosphere that sucks you in. It also wasn't helped by the fact that the main characters ARE parasites, living off whoever they are nearby. Their whininess and complaints augmented their selfish personas. I spent much of the book wanting to slap them. There don't really seem to be ANY likeable characters, and while I didn't expect the ending, I felt even more depressed when I read what one of the characters did. I advise you to read "Rebecca" or "Jamaica Inn" for a first book. Had this been my first Du Maurier book, there would have been no second.
1005 Rawlins Cross is a fantastic and highly underrated band, which combines traditional Celtic music with modern rock. The result is delightfully danceable and one of the best kinds of rock out there, and "Living River" is Rawlins Cross at its best. The most memorable of the music on here is unashamedly rock-y, such as the explosive "Wild Rose," the entertaining "A Little of Your Lovin' Goes a Long, Long Way," the surreal "Forever Dancing," and faintly frantic "Morning After" ("foundation's shakin' but I'm doing all right/My heart is set on waking on the morning after"). There are also more sensitive ballads like "A Matter of the Heart," or "Through It All," in which the singer insists, "Depths of frustration/steeps stairs to climb/Trust and temptation - distance and time/from the horizen - hear my heart call/ History sister, I've loved you through it all." Some of them are the right blend of the traditional Celtic song and the rock song, such as  "When My Ship Comes In," or the slower, more vague "Open Road." One thing that sets "Living River" aside from the other Rawlins Cross album is the lyrics. The lyrics in "Make It On Time" were more like pub songs, but these have a more surreal bent to them (heck, the title and cover art are too). Here we also have lyrics that make references to shattering thunderstorms, Babylon, "sophisticated savages," ships sailing on plastic seas, white witches and black knights. Yet like the unlikely combo of rock, bagpipes, bodhran and accordion, these lyrics mesh together beautifully. "Living River" is a fantastic album for fans of rock and fans of Celtic music. It's weird, funny, and unabashedly original. Definitely a keeper.
1006 Appearances can be deceptive. From just the look of Eisley's five members (on the back of this CD sleeve), you would think they were a teen pop group. But don't let the picture fool you -- they are one of the most promising and worthwhile rock bands in quite some time. The five songs on "Laughing City" are certainly worth it. It kicks off with the slow-paced, meditative "I Wasn't Prepared," the more searing, rejection-themed "Telescope Eyes" ("please don't make me cry/I'm just like you I know you know/I'm just like you so leave me alone!"), the more upbeat and catchy "Tree Tops," dreamlike "Over the Mountains," and finishing off with the quiet, sweeter "Laughing City." Harmonization sounds as easy as breathing to Eisley, which is saying something. The high, clear vocals synchronize perfectly with the swirling, rising guitar chords and layered keyboards; often the singing seems like an instrument itself, such as Sherri's soaring waver in "Over the Mountains." The result is music that is smooth and soothing, but not poppish. The lyrics are even simpler, but they know their stuff. All written by the band (probably in their bedrooms -- one of the best places to write songs, they say), the songs brim over with evocative imagery ("with lightbulbs in our pockets/we light the darkened forests") mixed with deceptively simple lyricism, the sort that speaks of real talent rather than the same old stuff. Currently touring with Coldplay, Eisley gives a dimension to rock that hasn't been explored enough. And it's clear, listening to "Laughing City," that they have plenty of dimensions to explore. If this is what these young musicians are starting off with, then their future stuff will be out of this world.
1007 No Doubt's 2001 release "Rock Steady" dips far and away from the group's roots and prior sounds. Lyrically weak and depending on canned hip-hop, this album will come as a crushing disappointment to fans of the superb "Tragic Kingdom" and "Return of Saturn." The shift in musical focus is shown in the focus on dance and party music, like the execrable groupie-anthem "Hey Baby," the painfully empty "Hella Good," and the electronica-edged pop "In My Head." Tack in a little rapping (with a fake accent to boot) and some needless chorus repetition, and you have "Rock Steady." Only a few songs hint at the prior lyrical and musical standards of the band, such as the plaintively sardonic "Platinum Blonde Life" and catchy "Detective." Musically, "Rock Steady" has a certain mediocrity of its own. While catchy, there's nothing interesting in the hip-hop-lite played here, even with hints of the old ska style, attempts at rapping and dashes of electronica. Non-synthesized instruments are virtually nonexistant here. The lyrics dip into your basic party ditties here, lacking in complexity, depth, or anything more substantial than "You got me feelin' hella good!" No Doubt's lyrics aren't always amazing, but they were never dull. Here, they are dull. Often a particular phrase (often the title as well) is tacked several times throughout the song -- be it "let's just keep on dancin'," "you're really lovely underneath it all," "don't you forget it/don't let me down," and the lowest point of "Rock Steady," the "boys say/boys say/hey baby hey baby hey" chorus. Even taken just for its own worth, "Rock Steady" is vapid and empty. No doubt that longtime fans will start "running as fast as they can."
1008 One of the lesser-known mysteries of Mystery Queen Agatha Christie, but  one of her best! If you enjoy tense, brainy mysteries that rely on  intelligence and tiny little clues, this is for you! Hercule Poirot is  approached by a young woman whose mother was found guilty of murdering her  artist-husband fifteen years before. And she wants Poirot to find out the  truth about the murder. So, going by the facts from the man's lover, best  friend, best friend's brother, and the mother's sister, he must deduce who  dunnit. This is so far the only mystery I've ever read where the trail  is cold, and unenhanced by any second murders. I just loved the  characterizations of Amyas and Caroline, even though they are never  actually seen in the book. And the other people are very, very  human--you'll find yourself nodding in agreement when Poirot uncovers  facets and secrets. The plot is complex and twisty, and it may take  multiple readings to fully grasp what is going on. But the texture of the  writing style and the unique nature of the mystery make it excellent in  every way. A great, great mystery.
1009 I've been a fan of Marta Sanchez ever since I heard "Mujer" and "Woman" (which are basically the same album). And I haven't been disappointed in her newest album, the fantastic "Soy Yo," which showcases the colorful Latin music and Marta's thrilling voice. As in her prior albums, "Soy Yo" includes a variety of different songs, most of them very danceable. Even the ballads bring a waltz to mind. There is the dreamy, soaring "Sigo Intentando," the delightfully wild title track, the beautiful guitar-ballad "En Tus Brazos," funky "Noche Tras Dia," the dreamy and intimate "Como Un Angel," the wonderfully electronic-blasting "Socorro," the plaintive piano-accentuated "No Te Quiero Mas," and several others. It's a shame that Marta is not as well known in the US as the relatively inferior Spanish-singing artists that often hit the top of the charts. She certainly deserves to be; her voice is rich, smooth and throaty, and on the soaring notes I was getting chills. Unlike many artists, she does ballads and dance tracks with equal skill, and her voice is never overwhelmed by the music. And "Soy Yo" is one of those fantastic albums that will never disappoint.
1010 The second Coldplay album, "A Rush of Blood To The Head," is a masterful effort that strikes a deep chord if you listen to it. With Chris Martin's fantastic voice and the memorable music, "Rush" is evidence enough that Coldplay's debut album was not a fluke. The music ranges from haunting, such as the memorable "Politik" ("Give me strength, reserve control/Give me heart and give me soul") to the poppier and simpler like "In My Place." Following up are the pleadingly sweet "Scientist," beautiful "Clocks," the droning and somewhat less interesting "Daylight," the wonderfully fatigued-and-lonely-sounding "Warning Sign," the unassumingly disturbing title track, and the quiet, cold, stately "Amsterdam." Much of "Rush" stops just short of being melancholy, with its low-key guitarwork mingled with piano, drums and other instruments. The piano in particular gives what might have been ordinary music a very timeless, classical feel. The overall musical result is smooth and deceptively simple. The lyrics often evoke a sort of soft, optimistic sadness ("God gave me style and gave me grace/ And put a smile upon my face"), never smacking you in the face with any of the underlying sentiments (like politics) but just letting those beliefs seep into your mind. Martin's voice has a fragility and sweetness that few rock/pop singers have, and there seems to be genuine emotion behind his singing. "A Rush of Blood To The Head" is a worthy follow-up to "Parachutes," and a haunting musical presence. Definitely worth getting for those who like genuine song and music.
1011 Thanks to the popular "O.C." TV show, powerpop/alt-rock group Phantom Planet is getting more exposure than ever before, coinciding with the release of their latest album. Here debut album "The Guest" and the self-titled "Phantom Planet" are collected together... though you'd never think they were the same band. "The Guest" is a collection of sunny, catchy powerpop. Hit single "California," Radiohead-like "Turn Smile Shift Repeat" and the plaintive "Wishing Well" are a few of the standouts in this album. But most of it is just the mind of a pensive adolescent male, with crushes, longings for faraway oases of fun, and overwrought emotions. "Phantom Planet" is an entirely different kind of music: garage rock. Gone is the sunniness and fun: in its place is an edgier rock, grittier and faster and harder. The energetic "Big Brat," complicated "Knowitall" and "The Happy Ending" are among the best tracks, showing promise for the future. It has the sound of a band of New York cynics -- watch out, Phantom Planet is all grown up. It's pretty clear that Phantom Planet has stepped away from its roots. The original pop shifts away in favor of Strokesian alt-rock. Even the vocals change from overwrought to flat (a bit of a Julian Casablancas thing). "Phantom Planet" is not bad, but (like "The Guest") neither is it amazing. Rather the self-titled album is just entertaining rock, as "Guest" is entertaining pop. The "Phantom Planet/The Guest" combo pack is a good way to get into both sides of Phantom Planet, both rock and pop. A nice diversion.
1012 One of my favorite episodes of the Remington Steele series, now being  rerun on PAXtv. This one is full of color and amusing visuals, as well as  giving some small insights into Steele's past. Romantic-at-heart,  mother-hen secretary Mildred is attending seances at a local circus. But  the next day day Steele arrives at the office and is clubbed over the head  by a mysterious person who ransacks the files. Laura and Steele decide to  go undercover to discover who attacked Steele--and may have crippled a  trapeze artist long before. The plot is a bit hard to follow, but it  makes up for that in the great music and the enjoyable cast of secondary  characters. The music is especially fast-paced in the scenes where Steele  climbs the Ferris Wheel, and when the basement floods. Then there is the  chilly, seemingly apathetic ex-trapeze artist, the mysterious acrobat Guy,  and the tortured custodian Max. There is also the added bonus of watching  Steele and Laura donning leotards and tights and practicing in her spacious  apartment. The scene where they actually perform is tight and  suspenseful... a wonderful episode.
1013 I'm not certain why this fairly brief book is being linked to "Harry Potter"--because I see very few similarities. Say what I will (and do) about Harry Potter, it does have some rather Agatha Christie-ian twists and problems. However, the plot of this book is... well, simplistic. And sugary. Princess Quinnella lives in the magical kingdom of Mandria, on the other side of a "wishing pool" *cringes*. However, she ends up going to Earth on the other side of the pool, and naturally (as she's required to do the usual oppressive royal duties in her own world) she wants to stay. Not much of a plot. The plot is also saturated with fluffy sugariness that kind of repelled me. It was interesting until the LOOOOOOOVE story. The heroine, while nice enough, doesn't really seem like the kind of person who would have the guts to wander around a strange world. The writing style is so-so-I sort of got the impression that the author wasn't throwing her heart and soul into the crafting of this tale, and thus it really doesn't have enough intensity to really make it stick in the mind of the viewer. Even a simple, straight-forward tale such as the "Book of Three" can be written in such a way if the author is dedicated enough to the storytelling. If you want a clean fantasy romance without darkness and twists, then try this book. If you don't, and want grayer shades to your characters, then read some other book, like Sabriel.
1014 This is not for the bleeding-hearts out there. If you find the idea of people offing themselves by their own idiotic actions to be horrifying rather than funny, this is not the book for you. If, however, you think "Well, if they were stupid enough..." then this may be for you. In it, you'll find stories of a man who dove off a rooftop into four feet of water, an idiot who tried to lift a power line from his car, an old woman who chased three runaway Christmas trees into a highway, people who sleep in dumpsters -- which are then emptied into trash compactors, a guy who checked inside a gas can with a lighter, a religious fanatic standing in traffic, a guy choked to death by a very adventurous fish, a wannabe-rapist whose testicles were bitten off by his victim, a man who dove off a cliff and was rescued by the boys he was trying to impress, a man who drowned in a vat of beer, and many others. Most memorable is the guy who tried to molest a porcupine. Perhaps the only problem is that sometimes the winners aren't really stupid, just unlucky. But a lot of them could have used a brain transplant. And, as Wendy Northcutt reminds us, most of them aren't in the gene pool anymore...
1015 Good grief, this was amazingly, shriekingly good! Johnny and Professor Childermass take a detour into the darkest side of voodoo, known as voudon. When, at a get-together with one of the professor's friends, Fergie begins playing and singing ("Babaloo") a tiny leather drum, the lights  unexpectedly go out. Soon the friend is ill, raving and finally falling  into a coma. A creepy old woman and a mysterious man are lurking nearby.  Some of the most affecting scenes is where the professor finds the hideous  creature growing in a pillow, and when he battles the horrifying snakelike  demon. But taking the prize is the zombie mentioned in the title. Holy  cow. This is a genuinely scary book-for heaven's sake, don't read it at  night.
1016 I actually really liked this mystery set in Finland, and I especially love finding new series to follow! This debut exceeded my expectations. The relaxed, and laid-back writing style belied the novel's twisting plot. It was a fast read, and a surprisingly brief novel, but in this shorter span of pages, Thompson crammed in a lot of interesting elements and it all worked so well. By the end, I grew to really like all the characters and am utterly fascinated with the Finland that Thompson has presented here. The sequel will be released in one week from finishing this, and I am already looking forward to reading it - I am glad that I don't have too long to wait! It was unpredictable and completely absorbing!
1017 My nephew had his second white Christmas (he lives in California) in 2017 and it was certainly a fun one! He definitely got gobs of gifts and since this was his first time celebrating the holiday at our house,  I had some early gifts for him to use right away on Christmas Eve  including this nighlight and some pajamas. And they were both big hits! The nightlight was quite possibly his favorite gift of all of Christmas 2017. He loves Cars and this Lightning McQueen has a gentle glow to it and is soft enough to be carried around all over (before he would even let anyone take it all the way out of the packaging!). It has since made the transition to being used as more of a nightlight than a toy, but remains a favorite! I definitely would recommend this to any car-loving kid!
1018 Fahy's debut novel opens with a Michael Crichton-esque&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Lost-World/dp/0099240629/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost World</a>, but one filled with more fantastical creatures than the dinosaur-foot-filled cover art predicts. The book has an intriguing hook, but then backtracks to spend an overly long period of time introducing the two latecomer scientists (even though they are the hero and the villain) which slows down the pacing quite a bit. The pacing also drags with its heaviness on the "science" - some rather cumbersome lectures are included here, further bogging down the long introduction of Dr. Binswanger and Dr. Redmond. The ending, however, is exciting enough to redeem the novel. The characters - both minor and major - are more caricatures than characters, falling rather flat. The scientists feel largely interchangeable without many distinguishing characteristics other than their too-extensive backstories. The romance between the two main characters feels more obligatory than natural. But the interesting creatures makes up for the cheesy romantic banter and staged-timing kisses.  Still, it's a fun premise for a summer adventure/thriller and animal-lovers and enthusiasts are sure to enjoy the strange creatures of Fahy's imagination that populate Hender's Island. The book has an overall cinematic appeal and a very modern one at that with the initial draw to the island involving a reality TV show. All in all, this is a fairly impressive, science-ish debut into the adventure genre. I'm looking forward to seeing what Fahy follows this up with!
1019 This marks the debut of both the author and a new publishing imprint targeted towards young adults and backed by James Patterson. Jack the Ripper has captured the imagination of many authors, and Maniscalco manages to bring a fresh light to the well-known story in this fun and fast-paced read. There are a few distracting flaws in the editing (a find and replace was clearly done to capitalize the "h" in "Hell" which results in some unintended words like "sHell". And there are a few idioms that are clearly not historically accurate (I am surprised she would be worrying about losing her lunch, for example). For the most part, though, it does feel well-researched and the author's note clearly displays the deviations from history as used for the plot, which is a classy touch - particularly for the YA market.  But, that aside, Audrey Rose Wadsworth makes for an interesting narrator and heroine. The flirtatious love/hate relationship between her and fellow medical student, Thomas, will certainly appeal to readers and the author sets trails for multiple suspects to be the real Ripper. It moves along at a fast pace and many of the chapters open with "extras" - like photographs, drawings and even one of the infamous letters sent from the killer. This modern multimedia dimension certainly helps to modernize the 1888 setting (along with Audrey herself, of course). While the final twist may not surprise many readers, getting there is certainly fun, and the very end leaves these characters up for new mysteries, which is exciting. I will definitely be keeping my eyes open to see what Maniscalco writes next!
1020 I have actually been looking forward to reading this for quite a while! It was our popular vote win for our first book club pick of the year  but our international members hadnt taken into account the lag in the release for us, so I was extra eager to read this one as soon as I could! But, wow  I was really disappointed! I generally tend to like historical fiction, but I had to force myself through all of this slag! The characters are a mixed bag of both likable and unlikable but nothing ever rewards the more likable characters at all. Yes, the historical aspect is somewhat more pleasing  it feels both authentic and well-researched, and I do appreciate the multimedia aspect of the letters and diary entries, but the opening is a little hard to get into at first because the time period is slow to reveal itself, which is downright distracting. And then, once thats clearer, theres the rather effervenescent shifting of perspective to cause genuine constant consternation! The book head-jumps from paragraph to paragraph constantly throughout the whole book! So distracting!!  The worst part to me, though, are the few characters who are genuinely sympathetic and likable (Stella, Francis, George Spencer, and Luke Garrett) all have endings more fitting a tragedy. This is one of those books, that after finishing it, the more I think about it, the less and less that I liked it. I think this would have made it a great choice for our book club (or any discussion group, really), but the relationships here are so disappointing and unfulfilling. The cover is certainly gorgeous  I just wish that there had been more beauty within its pages!
1021 This YA novel certainly sets itself apart from standard genre fare with its fast pacing and unique premise. Lyla Hamilton lives within the Community - a cult of about twenty families following their leader. Pioneer, a John Applewhite sort of cult leader, calls himself a prophet of the Brethren - aliens who have Chosen this community for salvation from Armageddon. Fifteen year old Lyla, however, is beginning to harbor some doubts about her commitment to the group that she has known since a young age. Her interest in the Outsiders is heightened when she encounters a handsome young boy about her own age. But the romantic angle is the only stereotypical relationship in the book. What really sets it apart is the very evident research Parker inserts on cults across modern history.  Parker opens each chapter with applicable quotes from both real and fictitious cult leaders. And she also gives some firm motivation for Lylas parents to be a part of this cult (despite Lylas own fathers comments about Waco and the Branch Davidians). Unfortunately, little is offered to explain other families motivations. And some of the research falls a bit flat in the authors haste to conclude the book (the legalities surrounding the events with minors involved insures that there would be more than just counselors assigned to these children). What really sticks out, though, are Lylas own doubts. There seems to be little reason initially for Lylas reticence - especially when it is clear that she is favored by Pioneer and her parents are so clearly absent in their own grief.  But, I think the novel will make an interesting starting point for discussions about cults amongst readers young and old. And perhaps, with its ending, Parker is considering a follow-up novel. I think it would be well-received.
1022 I quite enjoyed this sort of "creature-feature" thriller set in the Caribbean seas. The prologue hooked me in immediately, but from there the book shifted to focus on a surprisingly lengthy set up for the characters. Though some readers might find the book slow to reach the action promised in the prologue, the strength of the character development made the overall story more of a three-dimensional read than your typical "action" novel.  I was particularly intrigued by Alena's character, and I would love to see her in the sequel that has already been published. I definitely do plan on reading this sequel, as I am quite curious to see where the series will go. I enjoyed the book - though it does have its flaws. There are some abrupt shifts in point-of-view that are quite distracting. Also it would have been nice to have a little bit more on the actual creatures themselves - they are the star of the show, after all.  Still, I am quite curious to see where the series will go in the future.
1023 This debut novel opens with quite a hook! An elderly couple watches the news when a government agent arrives at the their small-town, country home with an eight year old boy in tow. The boy is their son - who looks no different than the day he had passed away fifty years earlier. All over the world, the titular dead are Returning to the earth. This Return is shrouded in mystery - augmented by some changes in those who live and breathe again. And yet, these strange happenings seem authentic.  Mott treats this what-if scenario in an almost epic manner - interspersed between the main narrative of this rejoined family in Arcadia, he includes vignettes into other Returnings on a global level. Though this widens the overall scope of the novel, it also unfocuses the novel. In fact, I am not sure if this is what spoiled the novel for me, but after my initial interest, the book really does not live up to its intriguing premise. It is fast-paced, and even includes some surprisingly poignant moments (along with some surprisingly funny and innocent jokes), but still it lacks a certain something... It feels underdeveloped and a bit unpolished. The point-of-view shifts abruptly which only adds to the book's "fuzzy" quality. The characters never really feel three-dimensional - Returned or otherwise - and ultimately, though the book certainly will serve as an interesting discussion-starter, it never delivers on its initial promise of being a satisfying read.
1024 This little oval trash can actually holds more than you would think at first! We use this in our home office, and because it doesnt have a lid, and we have a dog, we pretty much use it only for recycling. And it definitely holds more paper and water bottles than you would expect! The lack of a lid makes this our only wastebasket in the house of this variety, so it is kind of funny to see how hopeful our dog is when he sticks his face in, to root around in the hopes that there will be food wrappers, or best of all, used tissues in it Its a great, unobtrusive little trash can that is great for an office!
1025 This is a very intriguing story - honestly more a piece of literature than a simple novel. It has resounding characters that you pity, but don't identify with (or at least I didn't). The opening car accident reeled me in and that's what the whole rest of the book felt like: a car accident. I couldn't tear my eyes away from the pages.  Overall, I liked it, but it's definitely the type of book that would be nice to talk to someone about. It would be nice for book discussion groups, and definitely evoke a lively discussion with the wide variety of issues that Boyle touched upon here. Although, I don't really know that I would loosely recommend it to everyone, as it is certainly not light reading. But I did think it has much stronger writing  than Boyle's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Inner-Circle/dp/B000EXYZJ0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Inner Circle</a>.
1026 This is a downright fascinating book! A few months ago, a friend passed on an article from The New York Times on this study, but this firsthand account of the Dog Project at Emory University is (obviously) a much more in-depth and thorough look at getting a functional MRI to help decode the inner workings of the canine mind. Berns perfectly balances the science with his own experiences, love of dogs and even his family life as his whole team works towards their goals. It is surprisingly fast-paced and an absolute joy to read.  It truly is a wonderful book - both informative and moving. What makes this all the more exciting is that this is one of the only dogs books that I have read in a while that truly presents new and exciting information. The research and the science feels new and quite fresh. I can't wait to learn where the Dog Project will go next and I sincerely hope that Berns continues to take the time out of the lab to report his findings in this very readable and engaging format. This book certainly makes his talents as a scientist, author, parent and dog owner quite apparent! I will definitely be keeping an eye out for a follow-up!
1027 With writing in her blood, daughter of James Lee Burke, Alistair Burke has created a solidly entertaining thriller. The protagonist, McKenna, is sympathetic and an engaging character to follow on her obsessive quest. There are some inconsistencies with the perspective, and an initial beginning that meanders a bit before resolving its focus, but the plot takes some surprising turns. The New York City setting particularly shines and though the ending drags a bit, the overall pacing is pretty quick. This is a fast and fun read with a plot that keeps you guessing until the very last page!
1028 Though a much darker book than the first (as is so often the case in trilogies), I enjoyed this book a lot more than _Wind From A Foreign Sky_. From its rather horrific first scene to its lip-biting conclusion, it just felt like a much stronger novel. I particularly enjoyed the introduction of Tullier's character - a fascinating addition! And Gaultry's often cranky character-traits made her seem even more realistic than before. There are still a lot of gaps that I hope to see closed in the last installment of these books, and I am really looking forward to seeing how it all ends. Reimann is a very talented writer, and I disappointed that this trio is all I can find. The world that she created here has a lot of depth and detail and could surely have been able to sustain more than one trilogy! Still, it is a strong series and I hope that the conclusion is as satisfying as this book!
1029 Wow! I really loved this audiobook! The premise - an event ten years before the bestows supernatural powers on some select humans turning them into Epics which leads to the downfall of society as these Epics tyrannically abuse their power - hooked me from the very start. David, the young narrator, watched the titular Steelheart kill his own father on the Epics rise to to power as the leader of Chicago (now dubbed Newcago). This set David upon a decade of determination to exact his revenge on this coldhearted and callous ruler.  David devoted ten years of his life to his plan - and he managed to join the elusive Reckoners, a group of non-Epics dedicated to bringing down the Epics and re-taking the world for regular humans. David impressed them with his knowledge and skill and finally created a new sort of family with this small group. A budding romance evan sprang up between him and the other newer member of the group. It was such a fun listen! The plot included some genuine shockers (along with some more predictable elements), but the books real strength was in the genuine quality to each character. Davids narration, too, added humour to all the excitement.  The strength of the story was further augmented by the very real skills of the reader, Macleod Andrews. He handled the accents with ease and gave a genuinely masterful performance. This was an incredibly fun listen and the sequel cant come out fast enough! Hopefully the next installment will include even more of the Newcago setting!
1030 I have read a few of Greens novels over the years, though none very recently. This latest novel is a bit different from the ones that I recall - while there are definitely elements of chick lit here like the inclusion of several recipes at the end of chapters, and dealing with body image - there are some darker sides to the story that are not frequently seen in lighter fiction. The book deals quite a bit with mental illness, mood swings and some downright evil intentions. The book starts off quite slowly, with Grace Chapman as the primary narrator. The titular Grace is married to Ted, a temperamental famous author. When their longtime assistant leaves, Graces life slowly begins to crumble as she struggles to manage her own life, her husbands needs and moods and daily household chores. A chance meeting with a young woman (who is obvious from the get-go as just plain too good to be true...) turns Graces life inside more inside-out. Graces struggles make her initially a bit hard to connect with, but as the plots pacing picks up both she and the book become a lot more engaging. I especially like the chapters that deal with Graces past. The build-up is a bit frustrating because of how obvious Beths agenda is to the reader. The epilogue is a bit disappointing, though all in all, this is an entertaining read
1031 The Apocalypse-setting may seem at odds with the tone of this entertaining and lighthearted novel, but it provides a very entertaining comical backdrop and Kroese completely makes it work. Some sections in the middle do lag a bit, but overall it is a very interesting and engaging read. It may have not been as  as laugh-out-loud funny or as generally comical as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Good-Omens-The-Nice-and-Accurate-Prophecies-of-Agnes-Nutter-Witch/dp/0060853972/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch</a>, the Pratchett/Gaiman novel revolving around the Apocalypse, but Kroese's version is certainly amusing. It marks the start of the series and the characters are charming enough that I am definitely curious to see where they go from here!
1032 I opened this book after several warning from friends and reviews that it didn't hold up to the previous three books in this wonderful series. And, even though I expected it, I was still disappointed after finishing it. I guess my real problem with it lies more at the hands of Martin's editors than the writer himself. Though there is a note explaining that this is just one half of the story, by dividing it geographically we lost that more epic and cohesive feel. The absence of so many characters - like Jon Snow, Tyrion, Daenerys really made a gaping hole in the novel. And I have the fifth one all set to read - I can't imagine what it was like for those fans who waited five years for this book and five years for&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-Dance-with-Dragons-A-Song-of-Ice-and-Fire-Book-5/dp/0553801473/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Dance with Dragons (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 5)</a>!  The action did not really start for quite a while in this one as well... it just felt surprisingly slow, and every single page of its hefty weight. And though the writing was as strong as ever, this is the first time that I actually found myself anxiously counting pages until one section was over. I hadn't been expecting a standalone novel - you simply can't in an epic fantasy series, but I did expect this to feel a bit more like an actual book and not just a placeholder until more interesting things happen in the series. For the amount of pages in this book, it just didn't feel like the series progressed very fall at all.
1033 Though this book nears five hundred pages, it is a fun, fast-paced and entertaining read. Abbott weaves a genuinely thrilling plot, set in a small town in the English countryside. Leo (short for Leonora) arrives back in the town to visit her sister, Ellie. Ellie lives, along with her husband and twin children, in the home where she grew up - newly remodeled. Despite bad memories that linger for Leo, she hopes that her unexpected visit will show her sister to be enjoying her idyllic life. But, instead, her arrival coincides with a whorl of secrets - some with very deadly consequences. Ellies marriage is also in a bit of a slump - and hers certainly isn't the only one in the town. A disastrous dinner party introduces the reader to more of the town and the key players - including an ex-policeman.  When a young girl is left for dead on the titular back road, the entire villages tries to solve the crime - though not by uniting, but by looking within for the driver. The book includes a large cast, but the characters each feel realistic and quite distinct, so none of them blur together. In part due to this large cast of characters, the book borders on a bit overly long - but Abbott includes a multitude of plots and secrets, keeping the story moving along. Some of the plots are more easily predictable than others, but Abbott also manages to twist in some genuine surprises. The complex plotting, red herrings and bits of romance all blend together quite well! It is a fun, riveting read! I am looking forward to reading more from this talented author.
1034 I really enjoyed this book! Though I recognized Preston's name from seeing him in the mystery section, this was my first experience with his writing - and I really enjoyed it! The entire topic - of a quite prolific serial killer operating in and around Florence - was completely unknown to me, but the authors did a wonderful job of bringing not only the context and setting to light, but also the details. The whole story itself was simply fascinating, made even more shocking in the way that the authors literally became a part of the case they were investigating. This was such a page-turner of a nonfiction book! And while their theories on the identity of the Monster might not have me 100% convinced, I certainly loved hearing about all of the twists and turns of this story. I definitely plan on checking out Preston's other books - if he can make non-fiction material this thrilling, I can only imagine what he can do with all the liberties of fiction!
1035 After finishing a depressing novel, I know that I can always rely on Sedaris to bring a smile to my face. I just knew it would be a fast and fun read! I love David Sedaris' books, and though I knew this collection included some essays that are published elsewhere, I really looked forward to the new essays. I was a little disappointed that the three new essays were fiction, but they are still very funny. I just prefer the stories about his family, like "Dinah, the Christmas Whore," but I really did enjoy "Front Row and Center with Thaddeus Bristol" quite a bit! I hear there is another, more recently  updated version of this book out and now and it has even more new material, so I will have to get around to picking that up!
1036 I have heard good things about Gerritsen's writing, but this is my first experience with her books - and though I am not sure what I expected from this book, it definitely is a fast-paced read that completely captured my attention. The narrative follows two storylines - the modern focuses on violinist Julia who discovers in a Rome antique shop, a book of old music - with a never-before-published piece inside. Her obsession with the new music wreaks havoc on her return to domestic life in Boston.  The historical storyline opens in Venice and tells Lorenzo's story - a talented musician who soon falls in love with another musician, though the time and circumstances makes their love impossible. It's an engaging novel and not overly long (under 250 pages) and is definitely hard to put down. The plot carries some surprises alongside some more predictable tropes and bits of it range into far-fetched ridiculousness. But the two plots blend together surprisingly well and the book is easy to read in one sitting (perfect for a plane ride to Italy!). I am curious to see what other books Gerritsen has written!
1037 The garlic press that we had before this one was practically an antique  heavy, metallic and very basic, we rarely used it. In fact, I am not sure that we even unpacked it when we moved this garlic press has a nice designed and modern look to it. But, what it adds in a general flow, it isn't quite as much of a solid workhorse as our old one. The handle feels a little bit like it could snap in half when putting pressure on the plastic side. And like its predecessor, it is not easy to clean. But, more so than the old one, it does a wonderful job of macerating garlic in larger quantities quickly. I am just a little concerned that it won't last to make it to antique status compared to our old one.
1038 Well, simply put: this is the best book yet in the Andy Carpenter series. I like this one by far the most. Though in many ways, it follows the same formula of the previous five novels, it does so with plots twists and turns that makes the formula itself almost irrelevant. It is such an enjoyable read and I really love it! It is simply terrific! I hesitate to write anything else in fear of giving away anything about the twisting plot! I can't wait for Rosenfelt's next book!
1039 Not yet released in the U.S., this is the third installment of Casey's Maeve Kerrigan series, following&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Reckoning/dp/0312622007/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Reckoning</a>. This one is also a police procedural - though Maeve and Rob's relationship gets a fair amount of attention as well. In fact, it is this continuing relationship that initially grabbed my attention in the series, so I would actually have appreciated this to have gotten a larger amount of page space. However, the ending certainly leads me to believe that the next book will include more about this likable couple. The plot here is certainly unpredictable and Casey throws in plenty of surprises. The grand-reveal at the climax is a true shock and leaves me very excited for the fourth book's publication!
1040 This nine addition to the Women of the Otherworld series was terrific! A refreshing change of format brought in multiple P.O.V.s with not a single one in her usual first-person. Another departure from the norm was the inclusion of a "regular" person! Quite shocking! It was a muddled plot, heavy with too many secrets and misunderstandings, but it turned out to be quite fun. I really enjoyed it, though the ominous ending makes me wonder about the future direction of the series...&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Frostbitten-Otherworld/dp/0345536843/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Frostbitten (Otherworld)</a>&nbsp;should be a fun read!
1041 This novel is engaging from the very start with all of the near-misses of fate. It involves so many wonderful characters, too, that each one really feels authentic - coming to life from the pages! I love the Indian setting, which feels as fully grounded as the New York sections. Coincidence is something that can sometimes feel trite or overly convenient in fiction, yet, here it works so well that it just all feels genuine. It is an engaging and truly fascinating read with characters that the reader can really come to care about. The plot itself meanders a bit at times, but the strength of the characters more than compensates for these moments that are more unfocused. A more narrow focus may pack a more emotional punch, but as it stands, it is still an engrossing read and one that makes me anxious to see what the author will do next.
1042 The premise - dealing with the mysterious disappearance and loss of a child - is not perhaps the most original, but this book's execution, telling the story from the eyes of the child's nine-year-old brother, certainly gave this book a unique feel. Though sad, the book still had moments of humour. A child narrator, when done right (as this one was) makes for a wonderful book. It was very British, with several turns of phrase that may leave an American reader a bit lost at times. However, this was very strong for a debut novel and I will definitely keep an eye out for any other books by this author!
1043 This novel features a premise both unique and depressing - two young girls are virtually orphaned after their father murdered their mother. The book covers a large span of both girls' lives - from their various shifts in living situations all the way to adulthood. As their lives so frequently go from miserable to more miserable, at times the drama feels too exaggerated - particularly in their personal relationships. So, the book does shine with a bit of a Lifetime-movie gleam. Despite the excessive sadness, the book is well written - and certainly is a strong debut. Meyers weaves in several issues in family relationships, as well as families in relation to prison. All of the relationships, save one, have a very authentic feel to them. Lulu and Drew's marriage, however, and really his entire character, stands out as being too idealized and perfect to match up with the rest of this sad tale. But I am definitely interested to see just what Meyers will follow up this impressive debut with!
1044 This YA novel really took me by surprise! It's told in the first person by a high school senior diagnosed with schizophrenia in the format of letters to his psychologist (he refuses to speak during their sessions and instead, the chapters are his letters in response to the previous therapy session). This format helps the book set a surprisingly fast pace to it and makes a heavier topic for YA more engaging and actually even fun at times. There are moments when I actually laughed out loud, which I certainly did not expect! The book covers a lot of information, but the tone is kept remarkable light with its sarcastic and witty narrator.  While the new school angle is typical for the genre, the treatment of mental illness and this focus makes this a fresh read. I really enjoyed it much more than I expected to! It's completely convincing and consistent from the point-of-view and the teen romance feels natural and unforced. I would definitely read more from Walton in the future!
1045 Just a few pages into this mystery, I stumbled over the writing itself - inconsistent verb tenses, coupled with an over-reliance on passive verbs. It definitely distracted me more than a few times, but the never-failing charm of Detective Michael Gideon and his German Shepherd partner, Sirius, drew me right back in after each occurrence. This duo was likable from the very first page - and remained so until the very last page. Gideon's narration included a lot of humour and wit, which sped up the overall pacing of the novel - so much so that I read it in one sitting! I really enjoyed it - much more than I expected to after some of those grammatical hitches.  Russell seemed to pay homage to both Spencer Quinn's Bernie and Chet the Jet series in some ways (though Sirius spent an awful lot of time cooped up in the car!), as well as to Thomas Harris with Gideon's relationship with the Santa Ana Strangler/Weatherman. The book really felt like the start to a series - Russell laid a very sound foundation with these likable and sympathetic characters. The dialogue flowed very naturally and the character just felt real. The plot took a few unpredictable turns, but nothing shocking or implausible, either. Any predictability was more than compensated by the strength of the characters and their relationships. A sequel would most definitely be welcome!
1046 More thriller than mystery, Berry's debut novel feels fairly familiar, but adds some interesting aspects. The historical, World War II angle, along with the more legendary mystery of the Amber Room itself certainly is a unique frame for what would otherwise be a rather cliched thriller. The characters, though they don't feel particularly convincing as parents or credible in their careers, somehow still manage to be just engaging enough to keep you interested in what will happen to them. The romantic thread, though also not very believable, makes a nice touch and rounds the book out to appeal to a wider base of thriller fans. It's an interesting premise and though its execution certainly isn't flawless, for a fast and fun read, it fits the bill. Perfect for a plane ride or a beach read,  I will be keeping an eye out to see what Berry follows this debut up with.
1047 This is a nicely made, long table runner. The busy pattern ensures that small spills can go unnoticed if not immediately addressed, though - which is both a pro and a con! The material isn't very thick, and the browns and blues are good for a fall/winter table setting. We have traded the locations for this table runner - it looks just as nice on our sideboard as it does on our dining room table. The length is a standard one, and will fit the average dining table, though may be a bit short if extra leaves are in the table. The material isn't overly thick, and from the shipping it does need to lay flat or be ironed to smooth out the fold-lines.
1048 My husband loved his first experiences with an older version of both the phone and this case  so when he saw that it was available for his latest version, he was so excited! But, he was quickly disappointed. The leather doesnt feel as genuine and lacks that leather smell  plus the second card compartment, under the phone itself was eliminated  leaving less space to use this as a replacement for a wallet, with only the card slots in the flap itself. Worst of all, though, the case itself seems to muffle speech. He ended up removing the case and going back to an old one hopefully for the next iPhone, they will bring back the goodness of the earlier versions!
1049 While you should never judge a book by its cover, it would be nice if the covers of the Spilling CID series had some indicators that it actually is a series. I hate reading books out of order, and unfortunately, I read the third book in the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Wrong-Mother-A-Novel/dp/0143116304/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Wrong Mother: A Novel</a>, before reading this second book in the series. So I found it to be particularly enlightening as it cleared up a lot of the confusion the other book had created for me. Regardless of my cover complaints, this book really was difficult to put down. The characters are completely likable - even the villain borders on likable, shockingly enough, and with a plot that borders on the outlandish, it certainly is unpredictable! I really enjoyed it!  The crimes do center around graphic rapes, so it may not not appeal to all audiences, but for those who can handle the disturbing descriptions, the book is certainly a gripping read. I am definitely looking forward to continuing the series.
1050 This is an interesting novel based on the horrific events at Jonestown. This is a very stylized, literary re-telling with a constantly shifting perspective - opening up from the eyes of Adam, the communes gorilla. But this adds to paint a complete picture of life in the commune without ever once straying into a lurid tone or sensationalization of the topic. It is an absorbing novel from its very first pages and even for those who are not familiar with the events surrounding the 918 deaths at this commune in Guyana, DAguiar does a wonderful job of resurrecting life in the commune - but in a respectful manner and never once overly emphasizing garish points.  The style choices of inconsistent perspective, the present tense and lack of quotation marks take a little getting used to, but the lush prose more than compensates from these distractions. Adam brings a surreal quality to the novel. But not even all of the beauty of the rainforest can mask the very genuine evil and horror of living under Jim Jones rule. The author skirts around this name - choosing instead to refer to him only as the preacher or the reverend - which can sometimes muddle the flow and cause some minor confusions. The sermons, too, become repetitive after a while, but it is all a part of DAguiar immersing the reader into life in the commune.  The ending may disappoint some, but I think it - along with some ambiguity in some scenes -  will certainly open the floor for lively discussion amongst book clubs and discussion groups. The book moves rather slowly at times, but this works to help sink in this surreal reality within the reader. It is definitely one of the strongest fictionalizations of life in a cult that I have ever encountered!
1051 Lyrically written, I really enjoyed this book's cadence and characters.  Normally, I prefer more plot-driven books, and I don't have any particular fondness for Montana or the West in general, but there was just something inexplicably wonderful about this book. I really had a great time reading it! It did remind me a bit of Leif Enger's books, so I think that anyone who enjoyed his works, would enjoy this one as well!
1052 Oh, this was a lovely book - and one that I enjoyed much more than the other one of hers that I read (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Family-Baggage-A-Novel/dp/0345490126/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Family Baggage: A Novel</a>). I certainly didn't expect for the book to make me cry - which it  did. I did enjoy it enormously though I will certainly keep an eye out for this author in the future. Though it was mostly predictable, it was still a lot of fun to read. An escapist story, perfect for a plane ride or a beach!
1053 Healthier bars like this are a great solution for quick bites to tide you over  and though these are marketed for kids, there are plenty of adults, too, who will like this peanut butter and chocolate combination! These are softer bars, that are chewier and dense. I would definitely not want to be without water or something else to drink with it, because they will make you thirsty for sure! They have a good taste combination and are great for a small breakfast on the go, or a later afternoon snack! They are hit with everyone who has tried them at my house  so approved by all ages!
1054 I'm genuinely surprised how much I enjoyed this sequel - it has received some rather mixed ratings. But I think it's just as exciting as the first book in the series, Heart Sick. It continues to follow the Hannibal Lecter-like tradition set up in the previous novel, but the relationship between these two main characters definitely turns in some rather unexpected directions! The ending here is left wide open for an upcoming sequel - and one that I plan on reading! The series so far has all been exciting, fast-paced and a lot of fun to read! I am looking forward to seeing where it goes from here!
1055 And that ending - more so than the first book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-Am-Not-A-Serial-Killer/dp/0765322471/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I Am Not A Serial Killer</a>, this one really demands its sequel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-Don-t-Want-to-Kill-You/dp/0765328445/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I Don't Want to Kill You</a>, be read in immediate succession. Unfortunately, I am waiting for it to arrive, so I am feeling particularly antsy for its arrival! Though Wells includes enough of a summary of the first novel that new readers won't be completely lost, I still am very glad to have read them back-to-back. Though this one could function as a standalone novel, it is really better to be enjoyed in the proper order. Even more so than the introduction to John Wayne Cleaver, the plot here is even more fast-paced, thrilling and unpredictable. Our youthful sociopathic narrator is as charming as ever (though a bit more frightening here - cat lovers, beware!). The supernatural element to the trilogy takes a stronger role here though more answers are provided, these lead to more questions that will hopefully be addressed in the trilogy's final volume. The Dexter Morgan-like similarities are less obvious here, and the level of black humour isn't quite as high, setting the book firmly in its own unique place in literature. Wells is a talented author and I am really looking forward to not only finishing this trilogy, but also in seeing what else he has written.
1056 This book left me with some rather mixed feelings. The book's synopsis alluded to a shocking twist that I unfortunately (or fortunately) correctly predicted rather early on in the story. Because of this, I felt a little bit like I spoiled the reading experience for myself, since for me there was not a shocking ending. On the other hand, I also felt a bit relieved to have been right the whole time and glad to not feel manipulated by the author and to better appreciate the other clues along the way. The book itself was not a pleasant read - child abuse and severe neglect hardly make for entertaining topics. The negative storyline, despite young Carrie's often sweet and innocent narration, became more stressful and downright depressing the deeper into the story you go. It was a sad and rather timeless story - I honestly couldn't tell you what year these events took place in. The ending did provide some sense of justice, but ultimately, the adults as a whole were so ill-equipped with dealing with children, with not one single adult acting in a positive manner, that the book left little more than a hopeless, despairing feeling in its wake.
1057 This debut novel is a cute and fun read. The narrator, Jesse Alderman is better known as the titular Sway - a senior so powerful in his class at Wakefield High (perhaps a nod to Sweet Valley??) that even the principal looks to him for his problem-solving skills. But when a popular jock asks him to guarantee a girls yes to a date, its Jesse who ends up falling in love.  Jesse makes for an intriguing hero - hes an edgy, Jewish Zack Morris with Screech played by his lesbian goth sidekick with homelife problems of her own. But Wakefield High is certainly a rougher sort of world than either Bayside or SVH - theres sex, drugs and violence along with some foul language that may make this a more appropriate read for the older end of the YA market.  And though the plot definitely takes some predictable turns, at its heart it is a sweet story and a truly enjoyable read. I like all of the musical references, too, and this fits in with a growing trend of books including a sort of playlist to make a soundtrack for the prose. I hope that the songs referenced here inspire younger readers to venture out and listen to some of these older tunes. And I am sure that those who are already familiar with these won't even need a radio to appreciate how well the music accompanies the story. Ill definitely be keeping an eye out to see what Spears will follow up this strong debut with!
1058 After taking the last few weeks to re-read all of the previous Valdemar novels in preparation to read this new addition to the canon, I admittedly harbored some very high hopes. And, unfortunately, this one just didn't meet them. Oh, it wasn't a terrible book by any means, but it just didn't measure up to some of the wonderful books earlier in the Valdemar series. It certainly felt "new" though, but it was strange how so few of the past books and people were even so much as mentioned - not even hinted at! And sometimes, when past events were mentioned, it was incorrect. Had I not just re-read the series, I probably would not have noticed, but, you would think that Lackey would have a factsheet or something to prevent herself making these type of errors!  I liked Mags' character, but I felt like this entire book spent more time describing the food than moving the plot along. What there was of the plot was interesting, but nothing was resolved. Which IS different from her other trilogy's first books - those all functioned, more or less, as standalones, whereas this one most decidedly is not. I am looking forward to the next installment, but hardly dying to find out what happens next like I have been with some of her other books. The Companion-relationship in this one is more involved than some of the others, which was interesting. Still, more than anything, I am looking forward to reading a non-Valdemar book after over a month of reading nothing but this series!
1059 Like the previous ten books in the Andy Carpenter series, this one makes for a fast-paced and fun read. Rosenfelt balances the thrilling action with his usual humour and fun banter between the series-regular characters. This time, Andy finds himself with an unwanted client at the behest of friend and computer-guru, Sam. Sams high school sweetheart has been charged with the murder of her wealthy husband. But his death soon proves to be just one amongst many - a part of a high-level plot set to unfold on Memorial Day. The large scale of the conspiracy and the political angle makes this one of Carpenters more big-picture cases. As a result, the book itself is a bit lighter in the courtroom drama. With a tight timeframe, the plot moves along quite quickly and some of the series longtime characters have less of a role here than typical of the series.  But there are some new characters introduced and I hope to at least hear more about Crash in the next books in this fun series. These books always make for reads that fly by with their brief chapters that make it so easy to just read one more chapter. For the most part, this book will work if read out of order, as not too much of past plots are revealed here. Still, I am glad that I have read this series in order. This is one of the more straightforward plots in the series, but after finishing it, I am, as always, eagerly awaiting the next book!
1060 After finishing - and being super impressed by - Kagen's debut novel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Whistling-In-the-Dark/dp/0451221230/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Whistling In the Dark</a>, I anticipated the release of this, her second book with a lot of anticipation. And it lived up to it! I really enjoyed reading it - it's a lovely novel and absolutely filled with wonders - just as the title promised. Well-written, combined with Kagen's wonderful sense of humour and excellent plotting, Kagel truly succeeded here. The narrator, however, truly stole the show. Both original and charming, Kagen created a wonderfully real feeling character. She is such a talented writer, and I cannot wait to see what topic she tackles next! I am really looking forward to reading more of her work, as this was such an absolute joy to read.
1061 It has been a while since I curled up with one of Sarah Rayne's mysteries, and so reading this one was especially a delight after such a long time away from her talent! Rayne writes such wonderful mysteries, filled with a dark and spooky atmosphere and they tend to flit through time, seamlessly weaving together her intricate plots filled with her realistic and lively characters. Her villains, here in particular, are remarkably depraved but not cartoonish or at all silly. There are some very strong, predatory female villains here, creating a departure from the majority of mysteries. It is a refreshing (and rather chilling) change! Unfortunately, in comparison, the female heroines seem surprisingly weak... But it feels nice to have each loose end neatly tied up in the end. Rayne's books are pretty similar to Philip Rickman's Merrily Watkins series. All in all, this is a very entertaining dark mystery.
1062 This novel, the first that I have read of Pryor's, opens with a surprisingly common premise these days: the narrator, Dominic, is a psychopath (though he prefers the label of sociopath). He's an Englishman, living in Austin, Texas where he practices law by day and music by night. He is always found with both his guitar - and his gun. When an associate (and the closest thing Dom has to a friend) stumbles upon a get-rich quick scheme, Dom's criminal nature rears to life. The book opens a bit slowly, but this anti-hero becomes quickly - and surprisingly - likable. The plot itself doesn't hold much in the way of surprises, but being proven right doesn't spoil the fun of reading this. The book - though there is some bloodshed - is largely a heist plot and borrows a bit from some familiar plots of other heists in fiction and film. But it ends up to be a surprisingly fun read - and almost oddly satisfying by the end.  The book's real success lies with the strength of Dom's perspective. And while it may be the first of Pryor's books that I have read, I don't think it will be the last - I will be keeping my eye out for his other novels, both past and future! I really liked this book a lot more than I expected to!
1063 These are a very neat set of earrings! They are definitely different from other earrings that I have! The pearls lay nicely and the CZ cuffs around the bottom of your earlobe to make these an eye-catching and different style of earring. Plus, the CZ backing can be coupled with other stud earrings, to freshen up other earrings in your collection if you are not wanting to wear the pearls. Or, you can always wear the pearls without the sparkly backing. They are fun new addition to my earring collection and I really like them! They are versatile too to be an everyday work wear or for fancier occasions, too!
1064 With my summer decorations taking a nautical/under-the-sea theme, I spruced up our couch with some sea shell throw pillows and needed new throw blankets as well (my husband loves his air conditioning, so I am in blankets at home year round!). This is the perfect summer blanket! It has a great weight to it, and the knitting is both warm and has a nice feel to the fabric as well. I love the pattern and color, too! It is a lovely blanket and one that I will be looking forward to next summer to use again!
1065 I passed this book on the shelf and immediately was drawn to the massive shark on the cover. I have loved sharks for as long as I can remember - from watching Jaws at too young of an age, to pouring over non-fiction books and staying glued to the television for every single year of Shark Week. Needless to say, I was shocked that I had never stumbled across this thriller before. Though I soon realized that this is a middle book in the  MEG series (and I loathe reading books out of order), I couldn't put it down long enough to track down the first two books in the series. And  I actually enjoyed this shark book quite a bit more than even I expected to. Yes, parts of it were a little dumb (it is a book about a prehistoric shark, after all - so don't expect high literature here!), but overall, it was an exciting, fun, chock-full of sharks book that teemed with plenty of adventure and entertainment. There's not much else to say, as this was a straightforward book. That being said, I am definitely keep an eye out for his other books (both in the series and outside of it) - they are quite exciting and great for summer.
1066 This debut novel is a surprisingly fascinating, thrilling and powerful read. Pirio Kasparov defies medicine after surviving for four hours in frigid Atlantic waters after the lobster boat she was on was run through by a large freight ship. The owner of the lobster boat isn't as lucky. Pirios friend, Ned, is dead and helps his ex-lover and mother of his child (who is herself an old boarding school friend of Pirios) grieve. Spurred on by her successful perfume-owning father, Pirio begins to search for the truth behind the fateful collision.  She ends up discovering far more than the identity of the ship - but also truths about her friend Ned, herself, her own past and a much larger plot that puts her skills for survival to the test. Its an absorbing novel filled with characters that feel quite authentic - Elo never hesitates to put their flaws and more positive attributes on the page results in characters that leap off the page. Elos characters are never flat or one-dimensional.  There are some abrupt transitions in the beginning, but its easy to get sucked into the plot. Pirios perspective, her observations add some humour  though the book travels in some very dark and murky places. Its a very strong debut novel - though I have a softness for thrillers that manage to involve characters not in the more typical careers found in thrillers (no cops or lawyers here). I think Pirios father was my favorite character, and though I doubt that Elo will write a sequel - I am not quite ready to say goodbye to these characters. I wish that the ending had a bit more justice to it. This is a terrific debut, and I cant wait to read more from this talented author!
1067 I liked this one even more than the first. The ending was certainly a cliffhanger!! As the family ties become more convoluted, I am even more fascinated. The magic of Amber is clearer now, but still absolutely unique. I am quite intrigued as this one did not end at all as I had predicted.
1068 This is a YA fantasy novel about a land with people who follow the sun every seven (though sometimes fourteen?) years because of the path of the sun and the fall of Night. It's an interesting landscape and an original background for the book when three fourteen year-olds are left behind when the rest of the town leaves their island behind for the light of the desert. The three young characters are likable as they struggle to survive the Night and unravel the mysteries that their town holds.  The plot moves quickly, but is a bit short on explanations. The ending suggests that this may be the first book in a series, so perhaps more of the details about the town will come out then. It's a fast read and relatively fun, but there are many moments where more depth could have been added to the characters that are instead given away to more action.
1069 In many ways, this sequel is a lot stronger than the opening book in the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Monkeewrench/dp/045121157X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Monkeewrench</a>. It flows a lot better and the cast of characters has been pared down to a much more manageable level. Despite it being a very plot-centric book, the plot itself is rather predictable. There are a few surprising turns, but for the most part nothing too shocking occurs. It would have been nice to see the series main characters develop a bit more - it seems like all of the character development is spent on characters new and surrounding just this storyline. Still, the bantering dialogue is a lot of fun and I am definitely interested to see where the series will go next.
1070 This is a fun, easy-to-use camera that is pretty intuitive to use. the camera is small - though with the protective case, is much larger. The camera's image quality is not great - but it lends a kind of added fun to the action, since it is not very high-definition. The case is waterproof, but only up to six feet - we took this to the lake, and mostly just used it to be splash-proof, since the combination of murky lake water and the lens resulted in not much visibility at all underwater.  Please note that this does not come with the micro-USB cord to charge it, which was frustrating, but luckily we had one handy from our portable speaker. The charge time is pretty quick. It also does not come with the micro-SD card which is also needed to store your photos and videos and easily transfer them. That we had to order separately, but I wish that I had known it was needed so that we could have had it on-hand to start using immediately!
1071 This book first caught my attention while going through some of the quotes listed on GoodReads. Several made me laugh, and the book soon joined my to-read-pile. And now that I finished reading it, I can't wait to continue on in the series! This was a wonderful debut novel, and an intriguing (though very complete) start to the Mortal Instruments series. It was a very fast-paced and fun read, livened up by the near-constant bantering between the likable characters. And while the plot's big twist wasn't a complete shock, it certainly created a lot of curiosity about just where the remainder of the series will go!  Clare created an interesting fantasy world - peopled with almost every imaginable supernatural being from vampires, werewolves, fairies, demons, warlocks and more. The characters weren't quite as fully developed (there really wasn't much there beyond that witty dialogue), but since there are at least four more books to the series, I am sure there will be plenty of opportunity for them to develop more!
1072 Prague is one of my very favorite cities in the whole world! And for that reason alone, I was excited to pick this one up  set in that lovely city in 1599. I have read some of the authors books before (a contemporary mystery under this same pseudonym, as well as a novel under his real name), and enjoyed them, so I had some high expectations for this one  and I must say, the book lived up to them! While there wasn't as much actual investigating as I expected, the back drop of the city and the historical details in some ways compensated for the plot that moved a bit slowly at times. I really think that an audio version of this one would be terrific  I think that the distance in the age of the narrator describing the events of his life would translate well to that format! The book seems like it could be the foundation for a series, and I do like the main character, Christian Stern, so I will be keeping my eye out to see where the sequel will be set!
1073 What a wonderful book! It is even more enjoyable than I originally expected! This is one of those titles that I have picked up many times before finally purchasing it. In the past, the rather lackluster back description would cause me to set it back on the shelves, but after hemming and hawing over it for a few years, I am really glad to have read it! I am amazed at how little justice the back description gives the book. Not only does this have a solid plot, but the writing is more vivid and intense than a Victorian-inspired novel can sometimes be. What really sets this book apart is its unique structure - a main narrative interspersed with short stories, letters and diary entries. And the way the story unfolds the different structural elements don't in any way detract from the developing action. Nothing seems choppy or overly abrupt. The book tells a great story and is an impressive piece of writing from a technical and as well as an entertainment standpoint. I am looking forward to reading more by this talented author!
1074 This marks the first book that I have seen referred to as being in the subgenre "cli-fi" or climate-change fiction. It opens with a couple in their thirties who have received the disappointing news that they won't be able to conceive naturally. Whilst dealing with this earth-shattering news, the background weather report soon takes precedence over their concerns. Rising ocean temperatures are set to kick-off a catastrophic system of storms, with repercussions that will be felt everywhere. As the dire predictions escalate, their reactions to this news begins a clear rift between Ash and Pia. Drawn to the apocalyptic "preppers,"  Pia channels her manic energy there. Ash, the narrator, instead finds himself to be more of a traditionalist and is drawn to supporting his local Vermont government.  It's certainly an interesting read, with the relationship's future feeling as inevitable as the coming Storm. As such, the plot holds few surprises. The Storm acts as the main focus, without being overly preachy about its causes - which was a pleasant surprise. Ash by far is the most well-drawn character with the female characters surprisingly mysterious, fitting in nicely with his perspective, I suppose. It moves along at a steady pace - but would probably be a faster read if you open it up amidst a snow storm, or even a raging thunderstorm. I think it will incite some interesting discussion amongst readers, and I am definitely curious to see what other novels will fall into this subgenre!
1075 The pictures really don't do this lovely rug any justice. It is the perfect for rug for our kitchen back door. We have yellow curtains that I honestly couldn't have picked a more exact match to the yellow in the rug. It looks great! The colors are vibrant, and the rug nicely withstands the strong suction of our Dyson vacuum. It does show the dog hair a bit, but that is really true of many of the rugs and carpets we have in our house. This is a great size for our back door, and I am very pleased with it!
1076 This is a strange little book. It ties together the stories of seven-year-old Millie Bird, abandoned by her mother at a department store, eighty-seven-year-old Karl the Touch Typist, an escapee from a nursing home and eighty-two-year-old Agatha Pantha, a widow who hasn't left her home since her husbands death. Davis brings these characters together and gives them each their own voices and perspectives. At times, the books quirks feel more forced than natural and while there is beauty in this Australian novel, theres sadness too. It ends rather abruptly, which makes it a less than satisfying read. But it is interesting and moves along at a fairly fast pace. I suppose those who find that the young and old have much in common will be even more charmed by this slick novel.
1077 This travelogue was filled with not only anecdotes from the author's trips around the continent/country, but also glimpses into its little known history and a plethora of other interesting facts. I learned a lot - and I have been to Australia before! Bryson's writing felt honest and completely authentic. I imagine that if you were to bump into him at a party, these are the same stories that he would share. I really enjoyed reading this and I am looking forward to reading more of his work! He brought up the couple who were lost at sea quite a few times throughout the book, and I wonder if this had anything to do with that movie _Open Water_ being made. Bryson certainly seemed fixated by their mystery, and while the movie was not great, it was worth seeing once. The real highlight of the book, to me, was Bryson's trip through Tennyson Park... I had hoped to hear about some of the dogs of Australia, but after that escapade, I understood why this wasn't included in the book.
1078 I have read nearly all of Armstrongs novels and this start to a brand new young adult series is an exciting one! And its cliffhanger of an ending will leave readers eager for a sequel! Unlike her other novels, this one is pure fantasy and reels in the reader with plenty of excitement. Twin narrators with magical powers and mystical bonds to a larger wildcat and hound add to the fun. Ever since Sweet Valley, I have been a sucker for stories featuring identical twins and this is no exception to the fun. The romantic element adds to all the page-turning entertainment - with plenty of funny and realistic banter between the characters. Theres plenty of loose ends and mystery remaining to the plot and the magic which will, I am sure, all become clearer in the next installments to the series. Its fast-paced and exciting - I really cant wait to see what will happen next!
1079 The sixth novel in the Dexter series opens up about a year after the rather silly events of Dexter Is Delicious. And here Dexter feels more like he did in the beginning of the series. The book opens with Dexter cleaning up Miami one child-killer at a time. But this time Dexter doesn't make a clean escape - there is a Witness to this murder. And this character sets the book into motion.  The narration feels more polished than some of the other novels in the series and continues to be laced with the same dark humour. Dexter may not be in top form here, but as a character he continues to develop throughout the whole series. I especially like the climax of the novel  - and it's always fun when Dexter gets out of Miami. This is a wonderfully entertaining series, but I hope that Lindsay stops making Dexter's family the target! It is becoming a little ridiculous - although it certainly adds to the tension and excitement.  I also hope that the next book has more of Deborah - she is present here, but not as prevalent as she has been in past books. This is one of the strongest books in the series though and I hope&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dexter-s-Final-Cut-A-Novel/dp/0385536518/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dexter's Final Cut: A Novel</a>&nbsp;continues in the same vein.
1080 I really enjoyed this memoir - much more than I originally expected to, considering how much I disliked _Running With Scissors_. It was much more emotional and Burrough's ego played a much smaller role than his previous books. Mostly, this felt more honest. It didn't try to be too funny either - though there were a couple of witty lines. I think I liked this more than _Magical Thinking_, making this the strongest book by him that I have read. I also liked the overall coherence of this book and that it was not a collection of disjointed essays.
1081 I really enjoyed this book! It was a fun modern fantasy. The characters were likable and the idea and general premise were very entertaining. My only real complaint is the lack of chapters. I will never understand why writers choose that format - it is so annoying to a reader! Still, the book was a good adventure and now that I know that there is a sequel, I am looking forward to reading it!
1082 Oh. I do love this series so much - I wish there was more to the ending! And it was a long wait until the series continued, but at least it has continued beyond these initial three in this world. Over the course of the trilogy, I really fell in love with nearly all of the characters (even the villains are rather fun to read about), and to have it just end here -though technically satisfying, is rather heartbreaking, so I am so excited to see the series continue!
1083 This debut novel is an absolutely gripping read! Alternating between past and present ("then" and "now"), Clara's life story unfolds - the opening moment the invasion of her home while only 23. Despite her relative youth, her life is darkly fascinating and the reader will quickly be able to read more deeply between the lines than obedient Clara, a woman defined by her naivete. It works to draw out the events a bit, though I think most readers will fairly quickly guess at the truth lying behind Clara's words. This book serves as a grim, almost horror story at times at one of the most frightening things in our society. Though marketed as "psychological suspense" - I honestly would push this a bit closer to "psychological horror".  Clara's ultimate redemption feels a bit abrupt, but I think overall Olsen has laid the groundwork to make this believable and authentic. The epilogue is a particularly nice touch. I will definitely be interested to see what Olsen follows this one up with! It's a strong debut - one that I literally could not pull myself away from. I stayed up much too late (early, really) to be able to finish this in one sitting!
1084 This book was absolutely wonderful. I loved it! And I can't believe that this is Stockett's first book! It was so well-written, tightly and emotionally written that it seemed the work of a woman who has several bestsellers under her belt. I can't wait until she writes another book! The relationships in this book were so moving and seemed to speak with a real truth. And the different narrators and their voices! She did just as wonderful a job with this as Barbara Kingsolver did with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Poisonwood-Bible-A-Novel/dp/0061577073/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Poisonwood Bible: A Novel</a>. This book definitely deserves all of the many rave reviews that it has received. I am just so excited to discuss its many high points in my book club meeting! I think that this will make a wonderful starting point - or really any point at all - for any book club.  I am also really relieved that the book was actually just as good - if not better - than I expected from all its great reviews (People Magazine's 2009 Book of the Year, thousands of 5-star ratings on Amazon and other review sites). It was a fast read, too... and so emotionally driven - I laughed out loud numerous times, and teared up in many places as well. Really, it was just wonderful! And I think she did a terrific job of bringing a turbulent time era to life. It was just an utter delight to read!
1085 This book definitely is a bit&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Silence-of-the-Lambs/dp/0312195265/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Silence of the Lambs</a>-esque, but a with a gender reversal. All in all, highly enjoyable and not as predictable as I feared it would be once I was halfway through. It's set up to be a series, and if that is the case (or even if it isn't) I will definitely continue to read this author. While this isn't my favorite thriller of 2008, it was certainly one of the more entertaining ones, but I probably wouldn't recommend it to someone who wasn't a fan of the genre, as it is rather violent.
1086 This fifth installment to the Andy Carpenter series was pretty good, I guess, - but definitely not my favorite of the series. It was still a fun and entertaining read, but it never reached the same level as the previous novels. I liked the weird cult aspect and the ending was certainly a surprise, but there was something missing from this one... maybe because it took place in Wisconsin rather than New Jersey... or maybe because the usual, complete cast of characters wasn't present. My only other complaint is that that all of these frame-ups are adding to make a rather ridiculous series and Marcus' "character" has been reduced into nothing more than a deus ex machina. Still, I am looking forward to reading&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Play-Dead-Andy-Carpenter/dp/0446614521/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Play Dead (Andy Carpenter)</a>&nbsp;since the first thirty pages that prompted me to read this series.
1087 It was a very solid sequel with an intricate plot and continued development of her wonderful characters. There was an opening at the end that makes me hope that a third book is in the works... though I haven't been able to find any information to confirm that, unfortunately. I certainly will be keeping an eye out for it. It is a wonderful twist on the traditional werewolf myth, well-rooted in factual wolf research, and historical myth research as well. It is just fantastic!
1088 The title and premise immediately caught my attention with this impressive debut novel. A post-apocalyptic setting, starring a feral heroine called Elka, raised primarily by a serial killer certainly makes for an engaging hook! Told entirely from Elka's point-of-view, in her very unique voice, I think that this book will translate well into an audio version. Initially, the colloquialisms are a bit distracting and I think that this won't be an issue in an audiobook.  This is a fascinating book, with complex relationships. It has a survival-story excitement to it as well, with the weather and challenges presented with its British Columbia and Yukon setting. It really makes a quite glittering backdrop to this rather savage story. It's a thoroughly enjoyable read. And Wolf is a great character, too and Elka is just wonderful - both naive and cruel, and at times, too, unspeakably wise. It's a powerful debut and one that makes me so glad that I picked it up! It's an absorbing story and once Elka is joined by Penelope, there are some scenes that are a bit reminiscent of the Doris Day movie Calamity Jane.... well, much darker. While the ending isn't completely surprising, considering that the book opens with the ending, it is an engrossing read. I am very curious to see what Lewis will write next!
1089 I accidentally took a break from this book (forced by my own forgetfulness when I left it behind), but actually ended up liking the book more post-break than before. Martin's narrative - particularly in the beginning of the novel - with its overload of quotidian detail, had a tedious start. But, Cottam did manage to give the book a sort of timeless, old-fashioned feel with the writing style which did suit the characters well. The WWI connection added an interesting layer to what would otherwise be nothing more than a rather simple ghost story. The tension built slowly, but consistently. There would definitely be a different feel to the book if reading in a cheerily lit family room, and what I would imagine to be much more frightening, listening to an audio version in a darkened room.  Despite the overabundance of detail that bogged down the pacing, the incorporation of the different elements into the narrative - from newspaper articles and diary entries - gave the story a rich layer and an almost authentic sheen. It was a much stronger novel than Cottam's first,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-House-of-Lost-Souls/dp/B00A1A20FC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The House of Lost Souls</a>&nbsp;and the thrilling conclusion compensated for any of the book's preceding tedium. I intend on keeping an eye out for Cottam's newer novels as it seems like he is one of the rare writers who hones his craft with each volume.
1090 This rather simple novel relays the story of Beatrice (also called Maeve), a young Protestant, Irish woman who leaves Ireland for Germany just before World War II breaks out. She lives with a wealthy couple, the Metzenbergs - ostensibly to make lace for the wife, Dorothea. She ends up working more as their servant. The story is starkly narrated, tinged with Beatrice's naivete. Because of this almost overly straightforward tone, none of the characters really come to life against this dramatic setting. Not even the narrator! And though well-researched, the novel lacks the freshness and creativity that a World War II story demands to stand out amongst the plethora of other novels set in the same time period. Combined with the slow pacing, this relatively short (under 250 pages) novel feels much longer than it is.  With so many of the horrors of war described so matter-of-factly, it is easy to gloss over some shocking scenes, as nothing sets one scene apart from another in tone. This tone and attitude makes it difficult to connect with any of the characters. Even the most awful actions are described in the same style as the most banal activities. Unfortunately, it simply isn't a satisfying read and even the way the events are summarized and concluded leaves readers wanting.
1091 I loved this book! It was just an amazing read - sad, funny, and all in all an absolute pleasure to read. I am so happy that I read this book! I read it in literally one sitting - I just couldn't put it down. The characters leaped off the page and I just became more and more invested in them as the story continued to unfold. But, you should probably keep the tissues handy, because this book goes through the whole spectrum of emotions! I really enjoyed reading it! Since Sweet Valley, I have always been a sucker for books about twins, and this was definitely a different sort of twin relationship than any I have read before. I simply adored it! This was, I believe, a debut novel, so I am looking forward to following Amy Franklin-Willis' career in the future.
1092 I quite enjoyed this book - perhaps not as much as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Let-the-Right-One-In-A-Novel/dp/0312355297/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Let the Right One In: A Novel</a>, but it had a much more epic quality as the story flitted through time. The book's real strength, though, lay in its atmosphere, as well as the great characters. They were each fascinating, and overall quite sympathetic. This was a bizarre book, though, and a lot of the mystery does go unresolved, with its rather abrupt conclusion. I did have a lot of lingering questions as the book ended, but overall, I did really like reading it and I will definitely continue to watch out for this talented author!
1093 I had a nice time reading this very English family drama. Though overly predictable in parts, the plot still held a few surprises. The strong female characters were really what made this book so enjoyable - and also their dogs! There was certainly a lot of drama in this book and plenty of big issues like Alzheimer's, infidelity and growing older in general. There were many moments that seemed very genuine. All in all, an enjoyable read!
1094 When we first moved to our house, we spent quite a bit of money repairing a lawn that had been neglected over the summer months. This summer, our lawn was looking better than ever, but as the end of summer approached, we noticed some problem areas. Rather than paying all over again for the lawn service to re-seed the yard, we decided to give this product a try - and as the label promises, this is "EZ" indeed! It's easy to spread and lay down the seeds in any bare patches. And within a week - despite it being the end of summer in Chicago - seeds began to sprout!! It's a lot easier to buy this than to separately buy the seed, dirt and fertilizer to mix on your own - and much cheaper than paying a lawn service. It is a great patch-repair system and one that we will continue to use as needed in the future!
1095 It was bizarre, hilarious, grotesque and an absolutely fun read! It's been a while since I've read a novel that nearly made liquids come out of my nose that it was so funny! Plainly put, I had a great time reading it. It reminded me a bit of Jeremy C. Shipp's _Cursed_ - in its weirdness, humour and general "magnetism" of their main characters. I don't know if a movie could be made of it, but I would certainly see it - just as I will definitely be looking out for another of his books - I certainly hope his agent continues to harass him! What fun!
1096 Though I have read a few of Chamberlains other books, this is the first audiobook of hers that I have listened to and I love it! Its a completely absorbing story and one that makes me sneak in listening to it at every opportunity - not just in the car like I usually do. Its an engrossing plot with characters that it is impossible not to sympathize with. It reels you in from the very first chapter. With a variety of narrators (five in all), the performers do a wonderful job of using their voices to bring these characters to life. The plot - full of secrets, twists and turns - contains some expected paths and some surprises, too.  This family drama reminds me a bit of a Lifetime movie in some ways as the sheer amount of drama continues to amplify throughout the entire book. And with Chamberlains penchant for cliffhangers, the book is hard to turn away from. The story ranges through time and each character feels distinct, but still so relatable - even through some terrible choices. In some ways, Chamberlains books remind me of Jodi Picoults - though without the set formula. Chamberlain is very talented and I look forward to reading - and listening - to more of her work!
1097 I really enjoyed this book! A sort of male-perspective on the common chick lit themes of love, relationships and family, Tropper created three dimensional, sympathetic characters. Zack, the main character, is only outshined by the skill in which Tropper created Peter. And the situations he put them in - hilarious! I laughed out loud more than a few times! I was also surprisingly moved at times. He is a talented writer and I am looking forward to reading some of his other books - in fact, I have two others waiting for me at home!
1098 What a beautiful book! I loved it! It was just terrific... though there were more questions that were left unanswered than I can normally be satisfied with, it somehow did not bother me here... I really wouldn't change a thing! This story of conjoined twins (I am such a sucker for any twin story, thanks to growing up on Sweet Valley!) felt so utterly real and completely authentic. The way the separate narration blended together wove together a beautiful, and ultimately very heartbreaking, story. Each character fully came to life, and I look forward to reading more by this talented writer!
1099 At first, I really enjoyed this book. Where&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Shadow-of-the-Wind/dp/0143034901/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Shadow of the Wind</a>&nbsp;was a book for readers, this follow-up immediately felt like a book for writers. The chronology immediately started bothering me. The events described here took place long before those in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Shadow-of-the-Wind/dp/0143034901/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Shadow of the Wind</a>&nbsp;- so this sequel functioned more as a prequel. A few characters carried over between the two books (Sempere senior is now Sempere junior), but the main characters were all new additions. The supernatural elements played a much more significant role, but without much explanation or justification. What partially spoiled the book was reading a description of the third book, The Prisoner of Heaven, which sounded more like the sort of novel I expected this to be. The pacing dragged along here at much slower clip than Zafon's debut. Even the rather shocking amount of accumulated dead bodies failed to raise the excitement level. Though I had planned on finishing this trilogy, I just don't have the desire to read the third book now. Maybe someday...
1100 I greatly enjoyed Sacks'&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Man-Who-Mistook-His-Wife-For-A-Hat-And-Other-Clinical-Tales/dp/0684853949/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Man Who Mistook His Wife For A Hat: And Other Clinical Tales</a>, but this book, simply put, was too dull for me. I don't have an interest in chemistry so that alone should have stopped me from buying the book, but I thought that my interest in Sacks himself, plus the WWII London setting would be more than enough to interest me in this... unfortunately, WWII London serves as little more than a backdrop to a shockingly small portion of the book. And for all of the effort that Sacks put into chemistry as a child, by the ending... well, it shocked me to see the apparent ease with which he abandoned it. I guess I really don't know how I feel about the book... some sections were just very slow moving for me and I didn't really have anything to relate to or a common interest in it. There were a few funny anecdotes, but not really enough. I even toyed with the idea of not finishing it for an hour or so... which is a rarity for me! And in the end, I am glad I finished it, but really, this is a book best suited for science buffs, not history buffs.
1101 This is an adorable plush hippo with a rattle ring in between its hands - the different textures will make it perfect for my nephew! He has an animal themed room, and this toy will fit right in! I think that he will like the noise and softness, too! My biggest challenge now is deciding if I should hang onto it until Christmas, or just give it to him now!
1102 I was kind of disappointed with this latest installment and I am not quite sure why... I am certainly happy with Sookie's lovelife, but there was something missing with the plot, and in the development of Sookie's relationships. Though Sookie's character is understandably darker now, she is also a little less charming... And this book hinted, for what seems to be the first time, that Sookie may want to be turned into a vampire. Which is a twist I did not see coming. I liked the development of her friendship with Sam (he will always be one of my favorite characters) and I do hope to see more of Hunter in future books. Mostly I feel strange that I am not anxiety-ridden about the yearlong wait for the next book in the series. This might be because I did not re-read the whole series first, but I am not sure... I was also a little annoyed about having pre-ordered this for the Kindle, only to be forced to buy the hard cover.
1103 A VERY different sort of tragic love story. Though the setting is in the early 1960s, this tale has a true Victorian-Gothic feel to it. And the narration! How fascinating for the narrator to not have his own pull until the end of the book! That in and of itself makes the book cry for re-reading, for discussion - even for study. It's impossible to really understand the characters - the two main lovers - as their individual acts are horrific, but at the same time, horrifyingly fascinating.  I truly enjoyed this odd little book and would most certainly read another by this dark author. Though I probably wouldn't overly recommend this to one to just anyone.  Strange how the psychiatry of the last novel I read,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/My-Sister-s-Continent/dp/0970321295/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">My Sister's Continent</a>, blended so perfectly into this one. Although, the sexual relationships of this one was a lot better, more realistically played out, while leading to a much more terrifying conclusion.
1104 This is an impressive debut novel that really reels in the reader right from the very first pages! Told in alternating chapters between mother and daughter, mother Grace Bradshaw sits on Death Row for the past seventeen years for the murder of her infant son. She has lost touch with her elder daughter, Sophie, but when Grace's execution is finally scheduled, this brings Sophie's past into her present - a life where no one knows the truth about her mother. It's an emotional read, but also a well-crafted one. Grace certainly lives up to her name and it is impressive how little so long in prison has seemed to change her character! And she is not the only character who behaves in an almost inauthentically good way, it provides a nice balance to the other injustices in the novel. The brief chapters keep the pacing moving along very quickly. I think that this would be a great choice for book clubs, as I think will inspire some interesting discussions! It is an enjoyable read for the most part and I am very curious to see what Pisel will follow this one up with!
1105 With an eye-catching title ( I love this song - especially the George Harrison version which did not get a mention, unfortunately), I admit to having some high hopes for this Young Adult Fantasy novel which perhaps is partially to blame for my overall disappointment. It is surprisingly dark - with a hero who is a very far cry from your average sparkling vampire. Instead River's powers seem to be a bit of an homage to King's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Shining/dp/0307743659/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Shining</a>. And though the narrator and her twin brother are in their upper teens, their independence, language and attitudes about physical relationships, drinking, et cetera makes them seem out of high school. Parents of readers at the younger end of the market may want to steer them away from this one.  Tucholke does nicely reference other literature which may inspire her readers to explore the stories and novels mentioned, or feel a closer kinship to the narrator, Violet. It is a pretty action-packed, fast-paced novel but the plot follows some predictable lines. A sequel is planned, but I never felt a strong enough connection to any of the characters to feel any genuine enthusiasm about continuing on with the series.  But what really set me off about the book is its overuse of the word "damn" - after five times in just the first two pages, it became DAMN annoying with each subsequent use!
1106 With its flashy premise involving an Alaskan serial killer returned to add to his spree of killings after a five year hiatus, this book starring FBI agent Jessica Harding is certainly attention-grabbing. And with its high body count and gruesome killings, it is a pretty exciting read. It is well-edited and fast-paced. It lacks, however, sufficient depth in its characters. Even the main character feels a bit shallow and certainly is not a dynamic character. The book has a realistic feel with its settings, and perhaps it is this that adds to making the cast of characters feel so stiff, and never as genuine as the described landscapes. The killer, especially, along with his means and motives is never properly explored. All in all, the book has the slight undertone that the rest of the federal government doesn't care much for Alaska, and that's just the way they like it, too. The storyline, though, is exciting enough - and these flaws in the characterization would probably go unnoticed in a made-for-TV adaptation of the story. There are aspects of the story, like the Old Believers, that are particularly interesting. It isn't a terrible book by any means, but it isn't a wonderful one, either. What makes this all the more disappointing, is that the potential is there for this to be a much more engaging and exciting serial killer story.
1107 I really enjoyed this memoir following the story of one woman's transformation from cat-person to dog-person. It was a really fun collection of essays and hilarious, laugh-out-loud anecdotes. It hit a wonderfully uplifting note, and contains an interesting perspective on fostering dogs. If you need to be cheered up, this is just the book for dog-lovers! A lot of fun!
1108 I loved this book! I had a lot of fun reading it, and I am even more excited now that I know that at least two more books will come out in the series. It was charming, thrilling and some quite likable lead characters. I loved the narrative style, with its fun sort of the edge, and the plot, while twisty enough, had some measure of predictability to it so that readers who like to guess (and love to be right) will have fun. But don't worry, there are plenty of twists that I at least definitely did not see coming. I can't wait to see what adventures Keye Street will fall into next!
1109 Well, I must admit, I am the absolute prime audience for this book as not only a dog owner, but a pit-lover as well. This was a wonderful book! The writer did a lovely job of juxtaposing the life of a man and the life of a dog. She really worked to equate their lives, and it definitely worked. She evoked emotions and her plot, though slow to start, was riveting by the end. And while I think the pit bull has become a bit of a fad dog to promote their inherent goodness (and don't get me wrong, they are good dogs!), Wilson did a good job of making a beauty of the beast that society has also declared the pit bull to be. The chapters from the dog's point-of-view were a bit lacking in credibility, but all of the emotions raised in the book were quite genuine, which more than made up for her constantly pushing how similar this man and his dog were. Really, it was just a lovely book.
1110 Though I really liked the first book in the Mortal Instruments series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/City-of-Bones/dp/B005NDG846/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">City of Bones</a>, I actually thought that this sequel was even stronger! The plot here held a lot more twists and surprises and Clare provided even more detail into her unique supernatural world. The characters really developed more, too. The dialogue remained consistent, too, with plenty of that bickering, witty charm and humour - but the book felt less reliant on it this time. The major twist of the first book's central romance at first felt like the author turned into a corner that there was no escape from, but here she left a few hints that there may be a resolution after all... And a cliffhanger of an ending really made me thankful that the third book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/City-of-Glass-Mortal-Instruments/dp/1416972250/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">City of Glass (Mortal Instruments)</a>, waits for me in my to-read-pile!  Despite a few icky scenes, this YA novel felt really age-appropriate, but also very appealing to older readers as well. Very well done! And I can't wait to see where the series will go!
1111 I really liked this memoir of being an English countryside vet in the late 1930s. The book, though it did follow a loose chronology, seemed more like a series of articles or anecdotes than a cohesive novel. Some chapters did flow together, but the vast majority did not. That's not to say that I didn't like the book, because I did, I loved it - it had many parts that were laugh-out-loud funny - the brother, Tristan, was an especially comical character. The memoir was educational too, but the veterinary technicalities were well explained. It actually had less to do with animals than I thought it would - there was a great deal about people - even a central romance!
1112 Despite this being the fourth book in a detective series, it suffered from none of the usual problems of picking up a series in the middle. The characters were fully constructed and likable and there wasn't that persistent, nagging feeling that something was missing. I really enjoyed it! It definitely worked as a standalone mystery, though I will definitely be keeping an eye out for the rest of the series. There was a moment or two when I really hated it... but in the end, I was quite satisfied. The mystery unfolded unpredictably. Very good!
1113 A few years ago, I read one of Bohjalian's novels for the first time, and I had really enjoyed it. Since then, I have been collecting his books from the shelves of used bookstores and when a friend strongly recommended this book, I was excited to know that it was already in my to-read pile. I moved it to the top, and ended up really enjoying it. It reminded me of Jodi Picoult's books - with the court case, the female narrators, the hints of adultery... it was a very well-done story about a topic (midwifery) that I know little to nothing about. Even more impressive was the skill that Bohjalian displayed in creating his convincing female narrators. Crossing genders in that manner is something that not very many authors can successfully accomplish and Bohjalian definitely succeeded. And now, I am even happier that I already have a few of his other books in my to-read pile. This was a fast and exciting read, with a surprising ending. I completely enjoyed reading it.
1114 Sometimes, you read a book at the exact right time. This book (really more of a long eulogy to Marley) certainly tugged on all of my emotions. I giggled through tears at times, and even now just looking at the cover makes me a little weepy - not so much for Marley, but for my own dogs - having gone through the pain of losing one dog, this copy of the book really got me through that awful time and aided my own grieving process. I thought more than the happy, cutesy puppy times, where Grogan's writing really excelled was in the way he truly captured the soul-deep ache when a beloved dog passes away. He really articulated in a surprisingly lovely way what was one of the worst times of my life. This really was a biography of a dog, at its heart, but with a lot more of the two-legged Grogan family members than I expected. I liked the book quite a bit, but I don't know if I could handle seeing the movie.
1115 This is my first experience with body shape wear. The fabric is nicely thin and covers like a one-piece swimsuit. I think it may be better suited to longer torsos though because the top portions don't work with all bras and as a result, I  can't wear this with some types of tops because it creates an unattractive double line across the bust. But for certain outfits, it does work well to keep everything in place. The softness of the fabric makes it surprisingly comfortable but I think it would be more versatile for women with longer torsos or smaller busts.
1116 This book is just plain fun! With a fourteen year old narrator, it is targeted for the younger end of the Young Adult market, but it is so well-written that older readers will certainly enjoy this too! Victoria Secord, the narrator, lives in Alaska and is a musher, and frequently races her dog team in competitions. Her petite size gives her an edge and her passion for her dogs is infectious. It is a fast-paced and exciting read!  Johnson keeps up all of the action, but also manages to make this survival story a believable and gripping one. While on a fairly routine run to a fellow dog musher's house, Vicky stumbles upon a crashed snowmobiler, Chris, a boy her own age who has recently moved from the city to the Alaskan wilderness. Despite almost overwhelming odds, Johnson makes their adventure a convincing one - and a thrilling one! The characters all come to life and the dogs do, too. It is a wonderful read and an emotional one, too, as Vicky grapples with the death of her father. It's an engaging read and fans of Jack London's books, or movies like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Iron-Will/dp/B0000633U4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Iron Will</a>, will certainly enjoy this terrific novel. I plan on keeping an eye out for Johnson's future books!
1117 I have to admit, this one started out a bit slowly for me. The narrator, David Greenfeld, is a sixth-grader at the books open in a Boston public city school in 1992. Hes one of the only white kids in the school (not to mention the only Jewish one, but his religious identification isn't very strong due to the secular upbringing of his hippie parents). This coming of age story relies heavily on Davids loneliness, fear and struggles for connection in his environment in a world that seems to be changing for the worse in many ways.  His perspective though, with all of its slang and worries, always feels (albeit painfully at time) authentic. And while David isn't always very likable (what sixth grade boy really is?!)  the fact that he doesnt always like himself, either makes him all the more endearing by the end. Although, the abruptness of the ending is my main complaint about the book. The ending just feels like my copy ran out of paper and is missing the actual, satisfying conclusion  Still, I think that this would be a good choice for discussion groups, as it touches on a lot of big issues and would appeal to a wide variety of ages, too. Davids 1992 problems certainly exist today, and I really think this book would be a great starting point for conversation!
1118 Joanne Harris' novels have consistently impressed me since first discovering her. She's a great writer, and I just love the cadence of her prose and the wonderfully realistic characters that she presents in a vivid and rich setting. This more literary mystery of hers is no exception - it's an enjoyable and entertaining read. The "evil" narrator's real identity is not impossible to figure out before the end, but it doesn't detract from the fun in reading it, and adds that wonderful joy of being right.  I also love it when books I read in random order seem to flow together. I read&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Hummingbird-s-Daughter/dp/0316154520/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Hummingbird's Daughter</a>&nbsp;right before this, and had wished for a more smoother way to incorporate foreign language into the fiction. Harris does just that here with interjecting Latin phrases - but unlike Urrea, she includes a very handy glossary in the back of the book. This is one of her best books!
1119 This is a funny and very fast read (you can read the whole thing, cover-to-cover in well under an hour). Split into three sections - the classics, contemporary literature and film and television - Laudiero offers snippets of funny, scrawled rough drafts of iconic books, movies and shows that are sure to make you giggle out loud. Im not convinced that this is the best format, though - apparently this is a print version of a popular website and I think that while this format may introduce some readers to the website (I was unfamiliar with the site until seeing this title), its still rather limited because its such a brief book. The print quality is high, though, with the handwriting easy to read.  I guess it would make a funny add-on as a gift to the book or movie-lover, or maybe as a bathroom book, but it isn't really funny enough to be read over and over again. And now that I know about the website, I will probably periodically check it out for a guaranteed giggle or two.
1120 I absolutely adored reading this novel.  The fact that I enjoy a good werewolf story is what drew me into the book, but despite the fact that there was little of the actual werewolf in the novel, I surprisingly, still immensely enjoyed it.  The book mostly centers around a Luciferian cult, with really only a hint of werewolves to weave together a very entertaining plot.  My only disappointment has been the fact that I have been unable to find other books by this author.  Be warned, if I haven't made it obvious, this is a dark book, despite its rather kitschy cover.
1121 I am not, in general, a zombie fan... I find most of the movies to be amongst the worst in the horror genre, and the few times I have stumbled across zombies in books, I tend to roll my eyes. But Laymon has a real knack for horror, and made me really enjoy this entertaining and excitingly creepy zombie story. At first the villain, Melvin, seemed so sympathetic on account of his brutally bullied past, as the story continued, he really grew from bullied boy to a genuine mad scientist. Laymon kept it rather light, even comical at times and the overload of gratuitous sex scenes only added to the overall zombie-zaniness. While this was not one of his best books, it certainly is not one of his worst either.
1122 This book reels in the reader right away - the story is told across three generations of midwives - Flossie, the grandmother with her own skeletons in the closet, Grace, her daughter who is more brash and open and Neva, Grace's daughter who is pregnant and keeping the identity of the father a secret. And though none of the titular secrets are all that hard to predict, the storyline is engaging and this is a fast read. The romance for Neva is a little strange, but it's a relatively satisfying read. Although, I think that the "villain" is treated rather unjustly. There are some touching moments here and the midwife angle does make this more unique. I feel like this will appeal to book clubs comprised of women. I am sure that this will instigate some lively discussions. It's a light read, but I think once you start picking apart the plot and the way some of the characters are handled, this becomes less fun.
1123 Well, I have to say that I am the prime audience for this werewolf/urban fantasy novel. I just love books about werewolves, and it is so interesting to see fresh takes on what has become such a popular subgenre in recent years. I was surprised that the title character's role is equally balanced with a male character's perspective, Andrew Dare. As their relationship unfolds, the plot's intensity increases and this quickly became a fast read! Held has a different twist for her werewolves, and even a different religion - which melds a more traditional fantasy novel into the urban fantasy genre. The writing is clear and engaging and made for a quick and fun read. There are definitely enough plot ends left unanswered that this could easily be the first in a series - I know I will be looking out to see if Held publishes more surrounding these interesting characters.
1124 With the sequel in my to-read pile, I decided to re-read this book beforehand. It had been quite a few years (and countless books read between) since I had read it, and to be honest, nothing more than the rather shocking beginning had stuck with me after all this time. The cheery pastel cover certainly belies the emotional pages that fill it. Between Rocky's grief, Tess's illness, Melissa's anorexia and even the dog's grief as well, this is one to keep the tissues handy as you become absorbed in Sheehan's easy prose and varied points-of-view (even the dog gets his turn!). The constant emotion that the book brings forth, certainly makes it a gripping read and now that I have been refreshed on how it ends, I am shocked that readers have had to wait five years for the completion of Rocky's story. I am definitely looking forward to seeing where life on the island has taken her!
1125 It's been such a long time that I read a book in this series, that I had forgotten just how enjoyable it is! This latest installment was quite thrilling - and quite difficult to set aside to do all those distracting errands and other boring items off your to-do-list that keeps you from reading! In fact, I read this in one sitting!  Since this is the ninth book in the Maggie O'Dell series, the characters by now are quite familiar, allowing Kava to focus more on the plot here than furthering her characters' growth and development. Though I must admit, as much as I did not love the romance between Maggie and Ben, it has finally started to grow on me. One new character introduced, Jake, is one that I dearly hope will become a series regular!  Kava wove in cattle mutilations and the USDA to add a fascinating element to her plot. It was a fast and fun read. I am really looking forward to the tenth book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fireproof-A-Maggie-O-Dell-Novel/dp/0385535511/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fireproof: A Maggie O'Dell Novel</a>! I hope that there will be more light shed on some of the rather cryptic remarks made by Maggie's boss...
1126 This is a cute card to send to a sticker-lover for the holidays, but it is not made of any thicker material than your standard card - so please be aware that it may bend or crease - in either shipping to you or as you mail it to a recipient. You may want to consider using this as an extra part of a gift and including it inside a larger box to avoid damaging the stickers (which are very darling).  Since mine arrived with a crease in it. I can only imagine that this will get worse if I send this again in the mail to my nephew this December as planned. I wouldn't want to risk it being ruined any further, so I will use it for a child closer to home this holiday season instead. The card is a cute, cheerful pattern and I am sure will be a delightful accompaniment to a gift this holiday season.
1127 Picking up immediately from where&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Strain-Book-One-of-The-Strain-Trilogy/dp/B0053U7BN6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Strain: Book One of The Strain Trilogy</a>&nbsp;ended, this sequel is just as much of a fast, fun and exciting read. It's definitely a solid follow-up! And I cannot get over some of the unexpected plot twists that the authors introduced here - from deaths, to kidnappings - and all of it yet to be resolved. I can't wait to read the concluding volume in this thrilling trilogy! I also hope that the third volume includes more details and backstory for these vampires. As villains, the authors have given them more sophistication than present in the first book, and I am sure they will continue to develop this more in the final volume. This is definitely a darker volume, and one that leaves the characters in a rather hopeless situation, so I am very interested to see where the last book goes!
1128 This is a cute story about 2nd grade Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield's 7th birthday. Sweetly fun, with illustrations that match the story perfectly, this is a great start to ... more  a fun series for kids. And it is also fun to see which characters will mature along with the twins throughout the whole series.
1129 After a bit of a cliffhanger concluding the previous volume in the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dance-of-Death/dp/0446617091/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dance of Death</a>, I must admit that I found the beginning of this one to be surprisingly slow! But, once the pacing picks up a bit, it becomes just as nerve-wracking as the other novels in the book. And though this is supposed to be the conclusion of the mini-trilogy within the series, the ending did not feel very complete to me - so I hope that even more continues to unfold in the next volume in the series -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Wheel-of-Darkness/dp/0446618683/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Wheel of Darkness</a>. The ending just feels too abrupt for me! And I am certainly glad that I don't have to wait for the book to be published - this must have been agonizing for those who followed the series early on!  I liked Diogenes' character - and hope that more members of the Pendergast family will be portrayed in future volumes within the series. I am certainly curious as to where the authors will go from here! The series feels quite a bit different from its debut novel, the creature feature fiction,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Relic-Pendergast-Book-1/dp/0812543262/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Relic (Pendergast, Book 1)</a>.
1130 Though a debut novel, this is not Kiernan's first publication - and his polish definitely shows! He successfully juggles four perspectives - each written in their own distinct styles that nicely reflect the characters' disparate personalities. There's Dr. Kate Philo, the scientist/love interest, Dixon the old-school-reporter, Dr. Carthage the Pompous (his chapters are even written in the second-person to further augment his alienating and genuinely awful personality) and the Honorable Jeremiah Rice - originally born in 1886. What should be cheesy (after all, the entire book revolves around the reanimation of a man found frozen in a glacier for over a century!) never feels that way. The book - despite its science fiction-like premise - feels well-researched... and somehow, plausible. The story feels surprisingly fresh, too.  But despite the strength of the writing and the balance of perspectives, the overall plot drags a bit. The "great love story" never feels actualized and not that much really takes place. The book requires a certain suspension of disbelief, and the potential for the book to be more powerful definitely is there. Unfortunately, by the end, the books falls a little flat. I just want more than what is actually delivered.
1131 Vampires in Chicago - absolutely delightful! I really enjoyed this book - and it definitely had me hooked from page one! And I'm very excited to read the sequel! I just love a fun, new series! And unlike so many books set in Chicago, this one oozed of the city and there weren't any errors that stuck out and hung me up over! I think that a part of me likes these books even more than the Sookie books (though there are a lot of similarities between the two series), I think Neill has created a stronger and more interesting central character - and I suppose the setting has a lot to do with my enjoyment as well.
1132 For the past five years I have been a fan of Arsenaults writing. She has a real skill in blending past and present storylines into a genuinely page-turning read! This one, her debut into the Young Adult genre, is no exception! I really enjoyed it and can easily envision devouring this book in one sitting  with a pot of tea ready to go!  Marnie is a junior in high school and has embraced the art of reading tea leaves after discovering a how-to manual on her grandmothers shelves. What starts as a way to flaunt her own unique Otherness, soon becomes much more than a way to not feel self-conscious about her brothers past and the fact that she lives with her grandmother (who teaches home ec at the school). Marnie is drawn into the mystery of a missing classmate. Clues begin to appear in the leaves and Marnie becomes drawn into the lost girls footsteps and crowd.  This book is a great blend of mystery tinged with magic, and also includes some surprisingly authentic-feeling high school issues as well. Marnie and her family are quite likable and though the story here is quite complete, it would be exciting to read a sequel! I really enjoy Arsenaults writing, and while this isn't my favorite of her books, it is certainly a fun read!
1133 Definitely not a recommended murder mystery for pregnant mothers, Tania Carver (the pseudonym of this British husband-and-wife writing duo) created a grisly thriller with plenty of twists and turns to the plot. The book frustrated me a bit in the beginning - I had to check (and doublecheck) that this was indeed the first book in the series. Many comments referred back to one previous case in particular, lending the feeling that this was the second book and not the first. But, both UK and American sites agreed that this is the first in the DI Philip Brennan/Marina Esposito series. So, I let the plot unfold and began to truly enjoy it.  The writers definitely aimed for that shock value with the extreme level of violence - so the weak-stomached may want to avoid this one - but the bloodshed was tempered somewhat by the relationship between the DI and the psychologist. And though their relationship took some predictable turns, the surprises in the murderous plot more than made up for that! And while the book wasn't flawless, and seemed to attempt to emulated Mo Hayder's earlier books, it was certainly gripping and with the multitude of brief chapters, quite fast-paced.  The next two books have already been released and I am looking forward to reading them based on their synopses. I am even more curious to see how these characters will grow and develop over the course of the series. It's an intriguing beginning to a series!
1134 For younger readers, this book serves as a wonderful introduction into more than a simple biography of Temple Grandin's life, but also works to introduce children to autism, animal welfare and offers advice that would be helpful to higher functioning children on the autism spectrum, as well as to other children. A solid overview of Grandin's life is given here, with details about her schooling as well as her professional successes. Her extraordinary life, and the way she far surpassed all the expectations for her career and life will be inspirational to children and parents alike. And though much of the information here has been included in her books for adults (like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Animals-in-Translation/dp/0739455303/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Animals in Translation</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Animals-Make-Us-Human/dp/1436163056/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Animals Make Us Human</a>), younger readers may be inspired to tackle these more difficult books after finishing this one (with the help of an adult, if necessary). This is a book sure to spark necessary discussions - either in the home or the classroom. Very well done!
1135 Despite the depressing subject matter, and sad tones to the book, O'Neill managed to let enough enough beauty in the narrator's voice, and in the the writing itself that it was still a surprisingly fast-paced and lovely book to read.. All in all, I enjoyed this more than I thought I would given the rather dire circumstances of plot, centered around both heroin and teenage prostitution... It definitely had a gritty feel to it, but was hard to stop reading. It will be interesting to see what tough topics O'Neill will tackle in the future. Though hopefully, the next book won't have such a deceptively jaunty cover!
1136 Oh, it's been a long time since I read this series - ten years at least, I think! I do recall bits and pieces of the story, but for the most part, this is like reading a whole new series of books! Very well-written and peopled with interesting and likable characters, I am really looking forward to reading this entire series and catching up on the books that have been published since I last read these. All in all this was a wonderful and intriguing start to the series, set in a detailed new world.
1137 Despite the book's success, and its many rave reviews, I really did not enjoy it. I expected a humorous memoir, but I did not laugh out loud even once. More than anything, this was a shocking, disturbing, disgusting at times horrifying read. I read Burrough's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Magical-Thinking-True-Stories/dp/0312315953/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Magical Thinking: True Stories</a>, and had enjoyed that, but this book did not share any of the lightness or humour. It bordered on hard to believe that any of this could really happen, and mostly just felt sad. It was not a pleasure to read, but it was oddly compelling. It had the same negative attraction as not speeding past an accident.
1138 When I first heard that there was going to be a sequel to The Loch, I was genuinely excited. And then, when I learned that the latest book in the MEG series would also tie the two series together, I was even more thrilled! The titular Vostok refers to a submerged lake in Antartica, where the prologue begins. With maps, and a very thorough summary of The Loch (as well as references tying this in to the MEG universe), the book is initially engaging - though it is disappointing to see just how short-lived Wallace's happily ever after really was...  Unfortunately, this more recent book still shows the same type of editing errors - formatting problems and and verb tense inconsistencies. And women certainly are not depicted here as real people - Brandy appears to have undergone quite a massive personality change from her first appearance and the sexpot scientist's "threat" is eye-rolling... and while I had hoped that once the plot got to the actual animals, it would improve, it doesn't improve nearly as much as I wished for. The relationships between the people and their interactions are eye-rolling and while the underwater life is the best part of the book, that too is spoiled by this entirely ridiculous political/ancient aliens element. It adds a trippy level of weird propaganda to it that slows the pacing down so much...  And ultimately, the ending's "twist" feels not only overly convenient, but completely unsatisfying and also shockingly abrupt. I had been looking forward to catching up on the MEG series next, but after this disappointment I am not... I wish he had stuck to just creature-feature and left the wackadoodle stuff in the editing bin...
1139 The twelfth book in the Andy Carpenter series proves once again that to be friends with Andy means that his lawyerly skills will be called upon to defend you from murder. This time its series regular and police captain Pete Stanton that stands accused (personally, my fingers are crossed that the thirteenth book in the series will feature Edna as the accused - a murder at a crossword convention sounds like the perfect fodder for Rosenfelts blend of mystery and comedy). The murder of Danny Diaz puts his young son under the care of Andy and fiancee, Laurie. This family dynamic adds to the series and the characters overall personal arc and growth.  In the tradition of the series, this is fast-paced and a lot of fun to read. And behind one simple murder, lurks a much larger plot. The characters rally together and I especially enjoy the way Rosenfelt chose to end this book - it definitely makes for a surprise and adds to my excitement for the next book in the series. This is a great addition to the series and the plot holds some genuine surprises in its twists and turns. And, as always, there are plenty of laughs along with the thrills. In the more recent books in this series, this one definitely ranks amongst my favorites!
1140 I really enjoyed this book. Patchett put together a very sweet and often sad story that definitely made for an emotional read. More driven by the rich characters than the plot (which definitely felt predictable), Patchett left some ambiguity in the ending (allowing readers the freedom to hold the "real" ending in their own hands), while still maintaining the sense of a very satisfying conclusion.  One personal pet peeve of mine bothered me throughout the book: the lack of chapters. It made it more difficult to set this book aside, so I ended up reading it in virtually one sitting! The book was solidly engrossing and while I will not be rushing out to immediately start reading the rest of Patchett's canon, I will definitely be eventually checking out the rest of her novels.
1141 Oh, another charming book by her. I read this book in one sitting this evening with everyone was out. Her books are quintessential chick lit, but are very entertaining, not boring or too terribly trite, despite the genre naturally tending to head that way. All in all, they are a joy to read. The different settings of Ireland, London & Australia make these books just feel like a vacation.  I am, however, in quite a bit of a pickle as to what to read next!
1142 After finishing the first season on HBO, I knew that I just couldn't wait for the second season to begin to find out what would happen to all of these new favorite characters of mine! So, I read the first book, and began this one. It picks up right where the first book leaves off and I had fun relaying what he might expect to happen in the second season. Some new characters are introduced, and while initially, I just wanted the focus to remain on the Lannisters and Starks, the Onion Knight in particular managed to hook me in his storyline. I am anxiously looking forward to starting the third book in the series, and am hoping that the second season of the show aligns as closely as the first season!
1143 Initially, it was exciting and interesting, but in the end, it did not even feel like it was written by the same author. Stylistically, it was vastly different than anything by Simmons that I have read before. It was short, and the plot came off rushed and weak. None of the details and setting were lifelike or vivid. There were even some minor discrepancies between it and _Summer of Night_. The flashbacks were more annoying than enriching to the plot or Dale's character. Mostly the ghosts weren't satisfactorily explained in comparison to the first book. Also, Dale seemed one of the least likely boys to so conclusively forget the events of that fateful summer of 1960. I mean, his brother experience everything with him, so you would think that they would have at least talked about it... Part of my disappointment was because of how desperately I wanted to like it. And if it had not been marketed as a sequel, I think I may have enjoyed it more. I think the basic premise was interesting, but if would have been better served to have a whole new cast of characters and a whole new setting.
1144 This debut novel certainly moves along at a fast pace! Narrator Louise is a single mother haunted by her past  both of her failed marriage and her time in high school at the fringes of popularity and the actions she took to leave her there. With its very modern hook  a Facebook friend request from an old high school friend who went missing in 1989, coinciding with the class reunion, Louises story unfolds in both the past and the present.  The events leading up to the climatic leavers party in 1989 unwind slowly, but Louises modern paranoia and fear help keep the overall pace up  though sometimes her jumpiness is rather frustrating and a bit too over the top. Louise is not a character that is all that easy to like throughout the story  but just like there are plenty of people in real life that you would like to shake some sense into, it does make Louise feel more realistic. The plot does hold some genuine surprises here, though a twist is, of course, expected. The ending is not quite as satisfying as I would have hoped  though there are plenty of red herrings that will keep you guessing until the end. All in all, I did really enjoy this one  much more than I expected to and I am definitely curious to see what the author will follow this book up with!
1145 Another book that I didn't mean to read in one sitting. This re-telling of fairy tales wasn't particularly magical, or particularly enjoyable - it was more of a modernization than anything else. It was interesting, I suppose, but it read more like poetry than prose in parts, which probably negatively affected my enjoyment.
1146 My husband is the chef in our house, and gravitates towards the fancier kitchen and cooking tools - but there are some tools that I think are secretly his favorite to use, and grill cleaning brushes are among those. This one is a nice, basic one. He has some that seem more hooked or curved, but this one is a great everyday grilling tool. It doesn't take long for this to start looking used, and we usually replace these at the start of each grilling season. Receiving this one in the mail is an exciting sign that everyday grilling is just around the corner!
1147 This alternative history is a lot more exciting and overall fun than I expected. While it definitely has a predominantly masculine feel (and some moments of severe ethnocentrism - though this is handily explained away but it being the Roman Empire, after all), it is a fresh read. Posed under the premise that the Roman Empire never fell, the book brings Ancient Rome to America as Praetor Gaius Marcellinus lands in the New World to conquer it for gold. But the native tribes aren't without their own secrets and ways of war, so the story that unfolds is one that while heavy on battles and bloodshed, also includes some surprising plot twists and characters that are easier to care about than it may initially seem. Set as the first book in a trilogy, and with a decidedly cinematic feel, this is an impressive debut novel and the start to a series that I intend on reading through till the end!
1148 The shocking ending here completely overshadows the preceding 400+ pages! It's so eerie and awful... Which definitely compensates for the slower beginning that it opens with. But once the plot starts moving forward, the book quickly becomes impossible to put down! I really enjoyed the gripping plot line and consistent level of suspense. It is not my favorite book by Mo Hayder, but it is certainly not one of her worst, either! The relationship between the sisters is certainly interesting, though honestly, I expected something more climatic than the reality. But, really, after that ending, it's downright difficult to think about anything else - it's certainly a creepy finish that will linger long after the cover is closed!!
1149 Since we have moved, our guest bedroom has needed a new nightstand! This is a basic nightstand that feels quite solid, and once put together, looks nice, too! But, I have to say, the putting together was definitely a different experience. Rather than using screws, the pieces snap together. And not very easily. Luckily, we already owned a rubber mallet, and without it, I imagine that this would still be in pieces. They do not go together very easily, and lining up the components isn't very easy, either. It is also a nightstand that definitely needs to have its back against the wall, too, as the snap tacks in the back are unattractive, plastic and cheap looking. Plus, some of them completely did not line up and couldn't be put together at all. Luckily, there are enough of them that they don't all need to be put into place in order for the backing to stay on. The color is a little lighter than I expected, but it doesnt jar too much with the other furniture in that room.
1150 I absolutely love this sequel! Though I originally said that the first book is the best of the series, after re-reading this one (again!), I think that this is actually the strongest in the series. I just love so many of the new characters added - particularly the kindred characters who add even more richness to the story.  The continuation of the plot and the arc of the characters' lives  is quite perfect and in a way this one is even sadder than the first. I am quite excited to keep reading and even more excited for the newest book in the series!
1151 This was a short and still surprising story. I really enjoyed it. The characters were interesting and the suspense was well done. It was entertaining with a solid ending. The writing was clean and vivid. I would certainly read another book by her!
1152 This is a strange and brief Young Adult novel. Aaron Rowe starts an internship at a local funeral parlor and is nicely taken under the wing of the family that runs it. Though he returns home each day to the caravan where he lives to take care of ailing Mam. She only has moments of lucidity and Aaron himself suffers from extreme nightmares and a serious sleepwalking problem. The book moves along at a fast pace and is oddly intriguing. The questions about Aaron and his past mount up, and by the novels end, the answers are all satisfyingly revealed. Its a dark novel, but one that delivers enough hope to counter it. It also provides the surprisingly human side of the funeral parlor. And though Gardner lays hints along the way, the revelations still manage to come as something of a surprise. Its a well-written and compelling novel that I read in just one sitting!
1153 I did not enjoy this book at all! It was VERY slow moving and full of rather obscure references which did little to add to my enjoyment in the text. And while I'm sure it's no fault of the translator, it just didn't strike me as being all that well-written. It was boring and had a rather lame "futuristic" plot that didn't make too much sense, or seem properly executed. I really wouldn't read anything else by him or recommend this to anyone.
1154 Haynes' second novel, following&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Into-the-Darkest-Corner-A-Novel/dp/0062197266/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Into the Darkest Corner: A Novel</a>, fails to exceed the excitement and suspense of her debut. It rambles overly long, and ultimately the plot's insubstantial nature make it difficult to be invested in truly caring what happens to any of these rather two-dimensional characters. The story, similar to her first novel, flits back and forth between the heroine's, Genevieve's, current life on a houseboat and her former life in London as an account representative by day and a pole dancer by night. Her past life, at first, seems intriguing, but Genevieve's naivete spoils any authenticity as a character.  What is really surprising is that this book, genre-wise, falls more into romantic suspense than a true mystery/thriller. More time is devoted to the romantic (and sexual) aspects of the main characters than any of the other plots. Its opening is slowly paced and even after the pacing does speed up, there is nothing actually thrilling about the novel. It ends with many questions in its wake and none of the actual crimes ever explained. The entire ending hits a rushed and false note. It is a shame, because her debut novel shows so much more talent for both plotting and characters.
1155 I needed a break from the boring, chemistry-laden memoir I had been reading, so I decided to read the only Magna edition that I never read as a kid - and boy, was it ever a fun distraction! I enjoyed this Christmas story as much as the others (well, maybe not as much as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-Christmas-Without-Elizabeth-Sweet-Valley-Twins/dp/055315947X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Christmas Without Elizabeth (Sweet Valley Twins)</a>&nbsp;because that is a very fun one!). Naturally, a fight broke out between the twins and this one featured a magical adventure that, of course, ended up reconciling them. Of course, I do wish that I had read this first as a kid - I would've loved it so much more then... but it is still nice to read these books every now and again... it's like watching an old favorite TV show... like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-Love-Lucy-The-Complete-Series/dp/B000TGJ8B2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I Love Lucy: The Complete Series</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Saved-By-the-Bell-Seasons-1-2-3-4-5-Complete-Series/dp/B001GFAMP6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Saved By the Bell : Seasons 1,2,3,4,5 Complete Series</a>... it's just, comforting.
1156 I just love books with disease outbreaks! They are just so disgusting, yet so very entertaining! This one was a real change for the series as a whole, too. And though it was surprisingly sad, its fast-pace made it hard to put down! The structure separated it from the previous books as well - I really enjoyed the incorporation of the old letters. The plot was also more unpredictable than some of the earlier books. Only two more books are left in the series to date. I really hope that more developments continue in the overarching characters and their relationships!
1157 This is a very quick read. Leonora, or Nora, as she goes by now, hasn't spoken with her childhood best friend in a decade and is taken aback to be included in her hen weekend. Scheduled for November, in a secluded second home in the titular dark, dark wood, Nora is hesitant, but curious. Another school friend, with whom she hasn't lost touch, joins her - though they both soon regret it as they are thrust into an intimate setting with virtual strangers.  The atmosphere of the novel isn't quite as eerie as the cover suggests, but the purposeful references to Agatha Christie novels do lend this a familiar sort of feel - a sort of modernized locked room mystery. The isolation of the setting does work well to amplify the tension - limited cell service, a downed landline and mysterious tracks in the snow all add up to a downright pageturner. The brief chapters help keep the pages flipping on, too. There is plenty of relationship drama here and a shifting chronology for the first half of the novel especially makes this a fast-paced read. The latter half of the novel moves to a more streamlined timeline, but this doesn't bog down that pacing at all. The plot does follow some expected paths, but Ware still manages to toss in a few genuine surprises. It's an exciting read and definitely a solid debut! I look forward to reading more from her in the future!
1158 This Young Adult debut novel  opens in 1939 Poland with all of the elements to be a truly great read, but unfortunately misses the mark. Seven-year-old Anna is a precocious child, the daughter of a linguistics professor and already fluent in multiple languages herself. Her father is taken by the Nazis and Anna finds herself choosing to be under the care of a tall, mysterious stranger she dubs the titular Swallow Man. He teaches Anna a new language, that of the Road and survival. The writing is compelling and the characters are engaging and the Swallow Man in particular is intriguing but by the book's end, there are no real answers and it just isn't satisfying. It does provide a interesting perspective of WWII, tinged with a sort of magic, but not even the scenes of beauty is enough to compensate for the overly open ending. The book may provide a good starting point for discussion, but there is not a very clear audience for the story, which may make finding the right group for a good discussion on the book difficult.
1159 Callaway is one of my husband's favorite golf brands, so he was excited to take these to the range to try out! He really likes them, and is already looking forward to the weather turning back to spring to try these "for real".  They are well-packaged and the bright color boxes means that they stand out in the garage shelves, so they won't get lost before the good weather returns!
1160 This YA fantasy/thriller is a wonderfully fast-paced and exciting read! In alternating chapters, the story of two sisters - Annie and Fia - unfolds in an immediate fashion. Both sisters have special abilities and have been pulled into working for a nefarious man from a young and vulnerable age. Adding to the difficulties in escaping is the fact that Annie is blind. Their bond to one another deepens their predicament as each is the other's hostage. Both characters are likable and though the overall premise is not wholly original, the fast pacing and exciting action makes this easy to overlook. It ends on quite the cliffhanger - so I am looking forward to the sequel. I like the fact that it is largely set in Chicago, too. White is a talented writer and  I am looking forward to checking out her other books!
1161 This is a grisly tale of murder, ancient rituals and even some political tension all set in Cork and its surrounds. Though not himself Irish, Masterton masterfully captures the cadence of the region in both his dialogue and his prose (there is even a glossary for those unfamiliar with some of the dialect's slang). Even the first opening pages leaves you wishing for an audio version! The strong setting is by far one of the highlights of the book.  There are some scenes that will turn a weak stomach, as well as leave you questioning the book's plausibility. Those with any medical knowledge may not be able to overlook some of the plot's turns. The horrifying imagery, though, may be enough to satisfy some readers in to not asking questions. And though there are plenty of side-dramas, the main plot is relatively easy to see coming. But the historical background (however inaccurate) weaves nicely together with the modern story. Still, it's highly entertaining and I plan on checking out some of the author's other books.
1162 I really enjoyed this book. Of course, I am a sucker for books with child narrators and like a lot of girls, I went through a horse phase. Kyle's debut had an interesting setting, too, giving the book a sort of timeless feel - making it difficult to pin down the year of the book.  This really added to the feel and flow of the entire story. There were a few things that I was surprised didn't turn out to be more of the plot - Polly Cain's death did not have much of a resolution (and I had been so sure she had been murdered!) and the relationship between Alice and her English teacher also did not follow lines I thought it would.  Both of those subplots really added to the overall tension of the novel, and they were interesting, but I was surprised at my own wasted worry. The end was a bit of a disappointment, as there was an attempt to make a sort of grand summary that fell a bit flat and left some pretty gaping holes in the plot... But still, this was a very good, surprisingly sad, story.
1163 Anne Bishop is one of my favorite fantasy authors and I was excited to re-read this book for the first time in order to get to the newest addition to this series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Belladonna-Ephemera-Book-2/dp/0451461541/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Belladonna (Ephemera, Book 2)</a>.  Bishop writes very consistently - and this one is no exception!. The characters and their interactions are quite close to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Black-Jewels-Trilogy-Daughter-of-the-Blood-Heir-to-the-Shadows-Queen-of-the-Darkness/dp/0451529014/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Black Jewels: Trilogy: Daughter of the Blood / Heir to the Shadows / Queen of the Darkness</a>&nbsp;series... so much so, that I am very much in the mood to re-read these next, or at least very soon! But because of these similarities, the book feels very familiar, and perhaps a bit predictable in places - though those who are unfamiliar with her Black Jewels series probably will be taken by surprise.  I like that she has taken the mythology of the incubi and succubi and twisted them to her own purposes in a very intriguing way. This book focused on the males, so I am intrigued for the sequel that will hopefully strengthen the female characters' P.O.V. in this fragmented world.
1164 This was a pretty strange book... I did like the narrative style a lot. The writer's voice was quite unique, but, unfortunately the general storyline itself didn't make a whole lot of sense. I expected more of an explanation for the strange occurrences. Plus, it would've been nice if there were more things about the animals since that aspect of the premise was what originally drew me to this book. It was a fast read though, and while it wasn't a great book, it wasn't an all bad one, either. I have another book of his on my to-read list, but I am not in any great rush to read it, though I think I still will - just not right away.
1165 This shine mist is a nice, small size that adds some nice shine to your hair! Though I am not exactly sure what a seaberry is supposed to smell like, this one has a nice and refreshing scent that is pleasant but not overpowering. I have fine, thin hair, so I am careful with adding sprays because it can weigh my hair down too much and make it too flat. This is lightweight spray, which is great! I actually use it the most when my hair is pulled back in a pony tail  but make sure to wait until it has dried before re-doing a pony tail because it does leave a residue on your hand otherwise! I find that it does make hair shinier and helps keep any minor flyaways in place! I don't use this every day, but I do like it on the days that I do use it!
1166 This is certainly an engaging and entertaining read! Paddy Buckley, the titular main narrator, is a man who has lived a life full of grief. His mother passed when he was four, his father while in his thirties and his wife and unborn child at forty. On top of his personal grief, Paddy works as an undertaker. The book opens to recount the last four days of his life in Dublin. And it's a tumultuous, and darkly comedic last four days. The characters all spring to life off the page and the dialogue feels equally vivid. It's a genuine page-turner, and will make you giggle a bit as well. And it is most certainly a strong debut novel!  I think that Massey's career as a screenwriter translates quite well here - each scene is a detailed and well-set and easy to imagine being a lot of fun to watch on the silver screen as well. It's an enjoyable, albeit dark, read. I will definitely be keeping my eye out for more novels from him in the future!
1167 Though I don't often pick up romance novels, this book focuses more on the relationship than descriptions of sex (although it does open up in the bedroom!). At 44, Rosie has been in a committed relationship with Jonathan for sixteen years. Of all of their joint friends, they are the only ones who haven't married or had children. But when Jonathan's latest obsession uproots their life to the other side of the country, Rosie realizes that she isn't as satisfied with their relationship as she had thought.  So, she moves back in with the grandmother that raised her - but the house is filling up with her grandmother's lover, and the aide that she found who is escaping from his complicated home life. And she soon realizes that this move isn't the only thing to dramatically change her life.. The plot moves along some predictable paths, but it is still fun to travel down that way through Rosie's perspective. It's an entertaining and mostly light-hearted read. There are some genuinely hilarious scenes and though the end comes a bit too soon, it is still a lot of fun to read. The characters are mostly likable and it moves along at a fast pace.
1168 Since cracking open the spine of David Sedaris' Naked, I have had a newfound love for the art of the essay. A friend loaned me this copy, with the advice, "Just wait till you get to the Zack Morris part!" Despite my temptation, I did read the essays in consecutive order. And overall, this is a funny collection - yes, the Zack Morris essay was definitely my favorite, but I also enjoyed the large section of hypothetical questions. The book is definitely heavy on MTV's Real World references, which didn't interest me as much as Saved By The Bell. I found the collection to be a bit uneven, with some essays definitely stealing the limelight more than others - like the one on the "serial killer connections"! It will be interesting to see what other topics Klostermann will tackle.
1169 This fourth book may be my absolute favorite of the Chronicles of Elantra series so far! This book shifts its focus from the Tha'alani to the Leontine race. And though Marcus is a favorite character of mine, he actually plays a more minor role here when he is accused of murder and Kaylin works to clear his name (as well as stop a dark magic from infecting the entire race - and the Empire) It is so exciting, fast-paced and emotionally tense! And, honestly, I think it is the most informative of the whole series, too. I love learning more about the Leontines and I love that Sagara continues to add detail to what is an already vast landscape. I am very curious about what direction the next book will take!!  I still would like to see more development of Kaylin's character - as far as personal relationships go - , and I must admit that Severn is starting to get on my nerves. His character, though present throughout the entirety of this book, might as well not have been since it seems he lost character development in his role as the silent, but unfailingly right, guide. His steadfastness is admirable, I suppose, but his overall growth feels a bit stunted. Nightshade, fortunately, plays a more prominent role here. And also like to see the Dragons featured so prominently as well. I am disappointed that&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cast-in-Silence-Chronicles-of-Elantra-Book-5/dp/0373803389/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cast in Silence (Chronicles of Elantra, Book 5)</a>&nbsp;is the next and last book that is in publication. I will definitely be keeping an eye out for the new books of this series in the future!
1170 This debut novel is entertaining, though not really breaking any new ground with its premise. A young family, struggling both financially and in their marriage have moved from the city to a crumbling 65-room manor which they plan to restore and use as a country inn/bed-and-breakfast type establishment. They work to rehab the house, but soon the weight of the houses history becomes apparent. From the very first pages, Duffy creates an ominous tone that hints at more darkness to come.  Its a polished first novel and I like Duffys style as he allows readers directly into Bens stream of consciousness. There are some clever lines, too, like no matter how far you run, you're still yourself when you get there. Ultimately, though, there is little that is very fresh or innovative about the book. The history of the manor and the letters add to the overall tension, but it isn't enough to give the plotline a spin to feel unique. The book drags a bit and like the title suggests, the book itself feels more like an echo of other more successful spooky stories set in small towns chock full of secrets. And despite the tone, there is little here to give any genuine chills to the reader.
1171 I enjoyed this book quite a bit! The setting (19th century New England) made for a fascinating backdrop and the characters were both likable and dynamic. And I especially liked Ren's character and the mystery of his missing hand! There was some rather shocking violence, but none of it seemed gratuitous. It was a fast, fun, and entertaining read. I will definitely be keeping an eye out for this author's other books! This is a very strong debut novel, and it will be interesting to see if her second novel will be even stronger.
1172 I have been a fan of Aherns writing for quite a few years now - and I have read just about everything that shes written. This book marks a turn from her more recent novels that have mixed in magic with romance and plenty of emotion. Theres no magic at all here, and I admit that I was disappointed at its absence. She still retains the emotional quality and a certain type of humour that makes this not only an engaging read, but a fast-paced and heartwarming tale as well. Kitty Logan, a journalist, has fallen into the lowest patch of her career after the wake of a disastrous television piece. Fired from TV, she still retains her job writing for a magazine run by her mentor. With her mentor terminally ill, and backlash from her professional mistakes run into her personal life, Logan devotes all of her time to one last lead. Her mentor gives her one last story idea - a list of one hundred names and no other explanation. The next two weeks change not only Kittys life, but those of the list that she manages to contact as well.  There are funny moments and touching ones, too, but ultimately, this is far from my favorite of Aherns novels. The plot contains few surprises and Kitty is initially so unsympathetic that it makes it a lot harder to truly connect with her. She whines and complains so much and her growth over the course of the novel feels more accidental than actual. The book ends before her most redemptive act, which does not help. I still like the book, though it is certainly not the finest example of Aherns writing. I look forward to seeing what she does next!
1173 This third installment to the Dexter series definitely takes a sharp turn not only from its Showtime counterpart, but also from the Dexter Morgan presented in the previous two novels. The focus here is less on the serial killing and more on Dexter's inner monologues, and the role and background of his Dark Passenger. As Dexter prepares from his upcoming nuptials, a series of serial murders off-balances Dexter - causing the source of his Delightful Darkness to flee. The presence and absence of the Dark Passenger makes up the bulk of the book - giving it a more science fiction/fantasy-feel than any of the previous books.  At this point, this perspective has not been entered onto the television show at all, and it will be interesting to see if it will ever be incorporated.   Despite its rather mixed reviews, I think this is a fascinating read, with a more historical context given here that none of the other books include. And not to mention the continued development of Cody and Astor! I am sure the show won't bring on their new roles, but I just love their addition to the plot! I wish I lived in England because the 4th book is already in print there and I would just love to keep reading this series! What fun! It will be interesting to see if this supernatural element will continue to be present in future novels...
1174 This is a great serving dish for more formal occasions! We host Christmas Eve every year, and I am looking forward to using this new platter this year! It is a solidly made platter and has a nice shine to it. It could probably be dressed down on a table, too, for more versatility but I think we will probably limit this to fancier events. It is a nice size, too, so that a side dish for twenty will nicely fit  and I think it would be equally up to the task of hot or cold contents! Because our serving ware that is not as day-to-day, I was happy that we were able to extricate this from the box without mangling the box to make storing it after the holidays are done easy!
1175 I really am enjoying this series quite a bit! The third installment in the Chronicles of Elantra shifts its focus from outcast Dragons and the Barrani High Court with a new mystery to solve and more information about the mind-reading race of the Tha'alani and their connection with elemental water. The action here feels particularly amplified - though I suppose the threat itself is no more dire than that of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cast-in-Shadow-The-Chronicles-of-Elantra-Book-1/dp/0373802544/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cast in Shadow (The Chronicles of Elantra, Book 1)</a>. It's an entrancing read and Sagara continues to break up the tension with genuine flashes of humour. More details emerge to make up the already complex landscape, though I would have loved to have learned even more... And Kaylin's personal relationships add dimension and a tension of their own to the plot. Though the stories all flow chronologically and pick up nearly immediately after one another, it is evident that there are some emerging and more personal tensions, though these are really building up in a slow manner. I continue to be more fascinated with Nightshade, but in reading this book for a second time, I am starting to appreciate Severn more as well. It's just easy to love these characters - particularly Kaylin. She makes for a formidable heroine with her fierce and protective love of children. I am looking forward to seeing her relationships develop throughout the series, though I am getting a bit impatient for that development! I guess I am hoping that the next book has less action and more romance!
1176 I absolutely love this book! It definitely deserves its standing as a classic novel! I am just so disappointed that this was never a required reading book in any of my high school or university classes! This sad and wonderful coming-of-age story is a completely engrossing read, and one that I wish I had discovered sooner! I already can't wait to re-read it!  And though its setting takes place around WWI, and the city is New York City, the book really reminds me of my own grandparents (contemporaries of the author, not her characters) in many ways. I really enjoyed it - and I especially loved the narrator's relationship with books. This is just a really great book all in all!
1177 I have had quite a bit of luck with translated thrillers lately - though for a while after first discovering Stieg Larssen's Millennium trilogy, this was not the case! But this book continues the trend that I am so thankful for - smoothly translated and exciting thrillers! Set in Berlin, the premise of a detective waking up to be faced with murder charges. As the plot grows in complexity, so does the excitement! It is not a long book and it feels even shorter with the way the pages turn so quickly! It's really exciting and the characters - both major and minor - feel well-developed and authentic!  The plot does have some surprises, though some readers may see some of the twists coming a longer way out. It is an entertaining and fast-paced read with a surprising amount of humour involved, too - my fingers are crossed to see more books surrounding these characters!
1178 Where the first book of the Event Group series tackled Roswell, this follow-up focuses on El Dorado - or at least Golemon's take on the topic. Unfortunately, the book, despite the rediscovery of a lost city, did not live up to my expectations. Something is simply... missing...  The overall execution fell a bit flat in large sections, slowing down the overall action quite a bit. More troubling, however, is the continued lack of character development. Unfortunately no headway at all was made in translating his characters into actual people. The majority of the characters - particularly the "heroes" are so stiff and unbelievable as actual people that it is easy to lose interest. The only character that is remotely developed and interesting is actually the villain - Henri. And so halfway through the novel, I found myself rooting for him above all the others - he was the only one relatable whatsoever.  Still, these issues notwithstanding, the premise and the creativity are definitely very appealing. It is not a hatable series, but not quite a lovable one yet, either. The action scenes, in particular, are very well-written. The series has a lot of potential - provided that the "good guys" get a little more character development in the third book.
1179 I've enjoyed many of Oliver's previous books - starting with the Delirium books and both her adult and other YA books. So, naturally, I looked forward to reading this one - especially since I at first thought that the sisters would be twins (they are "Irish" twins instead - born only eleven months and three days apart). Like all of her books, Oliver immediately sucks the reader in and this one quickly becomes hard to put down. She uses different media - computer messages, newspaper articles, pictures (or some kind of artwork to come) and journal entries that lend this an even more realistic sort of edge.  It is hard to stop reading and though Nick (short for Nicole) and Dara's relationship is not the first of its kind in fiction, and the bigger twist to the plot is quite easy to see coming, the book is still a fast and pretty fun read. But, it is definitely aimed for the older end of the YA readers - in the first party scene, there is underage drinking, drug-use, nudity and swearing. So, I think that despite the youth of the characters, this will cross over well to appeal to adult readers as well. It isn't my favorite of her books, but it's certainly an entertaining and fast-paced read. I am looking forward to seeing what she writes next!
1180 These bowls are great! We love them! They conduct heat and keep cold things that need mixing cool. The bottoms are rubberized which is great, too, because they don't slide all over if you are mixing. They are easy to clean can really take it well if you are aggressively mixing. They are a nice, solid weight, but not too heavy and are obviously constructed with quality. The three bowls nest well together which helps save some space - though we use these so much we keep them out most of the time! Though I can't imagine that these will wear out any time soon, if something were to happen (like misplacing them or leaving them at someone else's house), we would definitely replace them! And I would buy these as a nice shower or housewarming gift!
1181 This felt very much like a fairy tale. I highly enjoyed it. The book was very original and the presentation/structure fit perfectly. It would've been nice to know a bit more about how the real Henry Day ended up, but I suppose it is best left to the imagination. I would definitely recommend this to others. And a great debut by this author!! I hope his second book is as successful!
1182 This book will always stand out in my memory as the first book that ever made me cry - and while hundreds of other books have brought me to tears since then, even in re-reading this book nothing makes me cry harder than this one! Re-reading this has given me such pleasure, that I think I will have to re-read the whole series! In fact, I don't know how far I ever made it in the series, I don't think I have read them all, to be honest. I am looking forward to this project! This book just fills me with such joy! What a perfect delight it has been to re-acquaint myself with Anne Shirley.
1183 This standalone novel from Norwegian author, Karin Fossum, feels quite different from her Inspector Sejer series. I have read a few of those, so this one immediately appealed to me. And though it is certainly well-written and smoothly translated, Riktor borders on too skillfully drawn for this to be an enjoyable read. Hes unapologetic about the terrible things that he has done - and as a nurse in a care facility for the elderly, there are a number of terrifying possibilities for him to perform his awful actions. To be so immersed in his stream-of-consciousness makes this book relatively easy to set aside despite its fast-pace. Its an unpleasant and uncomfortable read, with a steadily mounting horror and how much worse his actions can be. I guess from the description, I hoped for more of lovable anti-hero, more like Dexter... but Riktor feels like a true predator. And though at first the conclusion offers the hope of salvation, this is, predictably, snatched away from both Riktor and the reader.  Like the title suggests, this does give a clear window into the darkness, but I think it may be too dark for some readers and certainly not mysterious enough for others. I think that discussion groups may have fun with this very distinct portrait of a character. I prefer her series novels, but this one is perhaps too well done.
1184 I really enjoyed this horrific tale. It was vividly (almost too vividly, at times) written and with surprising depth of characters for a horror novel. The action was literally nonstop! I read it from start-to-finish in one sitting and I can't imagine being able to pause for anything! I definitely plan on reading more of this talented author's work!
1185 Wow - this is the Taylor Jackson book that I have been waiting for since&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/14/dp/0778329097/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">14</a>&nbsp;concluded! This sixth book in the series opens up with a lot of action - the final showdown with the Pretender is on the rise! The book's pacing is so fast that it almost blurs by - there's a high body count and a nationwide series of murders. Taylor ventures out from the (relative) safety of Nashville and Baldwin continues to avoid coming clean about his past with her.  The final two hundred pages of this book move so quickly that the book is over before it hardly seems possible! This is perhaps the strongest book in the series - and certainly the one with the fastest pacing! I am so relieved that I already have the seventh (and currently final) volume of the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Where-All-the-Dead-Lie-Taylor-Jackson/dp/0778312682/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Where All the Dead Lie (Taylor Jackson)</a>,  already in my purse! This is an exciting finale, but with its abrupt end after that thrilling climax, I am looking forward to seeing what happens next!
1186 I brought this book with me to read in Salzburg. I first cracked open its spine on the train from Munich to Salzburg - a fitting place to begin, I think. I did enjoy it (though it was actually set mostly in Vienna), though not quite as much as I had hoped that I would. The point-of-view had some inconsistencies which were distracting, and overall it lacked that "authentic" feel to a historical novel - even one about famous people. It just felt a touch on the ridiculous side. But, the plot twisted around in some surprising ways, so that did make up for some of its other flaws. It's a fun read, overall - just not a great one.
1187 This phone case fits nicely on both the 5 (the model I have) and the 5S (the model my husband has). Looks-wise, I think it looks better on my black iPhone than it does on his white one. It's a slim case, which is nice because neither one of us likes cases that add a lot of extra bulk to a phone. And though the fabric offers this a sleek and unique look for a phone case, I am worried about it getting quickly dirty if I let this loose in my purse. It is a greyish mottled fabric, so perhaps it won't show purse-dirt as easily, but since my husband is also a fan of this, I may just let him take it - it will be interesting to see how long it withstands his use - because he typically goes through a new case every few months. I will update the review if it lasts longer or shorter than the expected duration!  UPDATE: I have amended the stars because this case is really not holding up well at all. I doubt that it will last the month. Not only is the fabric fraying, but the plastic is also doing some wonky things. It just is too delicate of a case to withstand rubbing against other fabric in a pocket or in a purse. It looks nice at first, but it looks like it has been in use for a much longer amount of time than it is. If you use your phone outside of letting it rest on a table, then this is not the case for you. Disappointing.
1188 The book opens in 1978; the narrator, Elena, is leaving California for Colorado after finishing college. Pregnant, Elena is helping to care for two children who recently lost their mother and allowing for their truck driver father to save more money. There's a lot of sadness here - in Elena's own family, the small town and of course with the children. It's a well-written and engaging story. Though it is emotional, it is thoughtful as well. And the use of mythology works throughout the novel and really adds to it. All of the characters really come to life and though I am thankful for the epilogue, I think that it's also the source of my only complaint,..I just wasn't ready to say goodbye to any of the characters! I wanted to know more about Elena's life, and Leo's, or if anything more was uncovered about the past... It's still a great novel and I definitely will be looking for more books from this talented author in the future! It displays beautiful imagery, great characters, consistent themes of the past, mistakes and blessings and curses. It's really just terrific!
1189 Oh! What a surprisingly powerful novel! One of our Irish neighbors recommended it to me, saying of all the books he was forced to read for school, this was his very favorite one. And I must say, the book took me by surprise! Though truly more of a novella than novel, at only being a scant few pages over 150, it was beautifully written and so emotional! I just loved it! I do think, however, in order to truly appreciate it, you need to have some understanding of the historical and political context of the book's WWI setting. The style of the book even adds to that historical feel, because despite its 1980s publication, it definitely has the feel of a book written before WWII even. All in all, a surprisingly wonderful story and one that I am very glad that I read!
1190 As a dog-lover, I am just about guaranteed to pick up every book that has a dog on its cover - despite the old adage of book covers, I just can't help myself. My ignoring that advice has led me to some really great reads, along with some really awful ones... This one, the first that I have read by Von Kreisler, falls towards the middle of that bunch. It's mostly a love story, but the love triangle here has a base with four feet and really stars the titular Earnest, rescued labrador. The book opens with a nearly perfect small town life, and as the plot unfolds it soon makes the only truly sympathetic character to be Earnest. There are definitely moments when had Anna or Jeff been real, I would have wanted to shake them! But the frustrations aside, it is still a warm story that reminds us of the strength of love. It may not always be the most believable book, but it is a fast read that I think will appeal to dog-lovers.
1191 This sixth installment of the Logan McRae series feels bit more like a return to the earlier novels in the series in many ways. Aberdeen and its residents are suffering through another miserable winter, and some old names crop up as Edinburgh's Malk the Knife once more encroaches on the criminal world of Aberdeen. It's a complex plot involving rivaling criminal gangs while the Aberdeen police force spend a rather exorbitant amount of money protecting a man newly released from prison after imprisoning and raping an older gentlemen (though only convicted once, it is common knowledge that he is a serial offender).  Many recurring characters appear here - even Colin Miller makes a cameo! And there are several laugh-out-loud hilarious scenes of dialogue and banter (many surrounding a new addition to the DS pool - Biohazard Bob). Logan himself continues to fall far from his once hero/goldenboy status. But even through his struggles and missteps, he remains a likable and sympathetic hero. Logan continues to carry the scars of the previous novels which adds to the realism of the entire series. This installment is fairly fast-paced, too, and I am looking forward to reading the next two books in the series!
1192 This is a Young Adult fantasy novel, set in some sort of dystopian America (but with only names, places and some "relics" serving as clues to the origin of the setting). A war has ended and two sisters anxiously await on their family farm for the return of Thom, husband and brother-in-law. When the younger sister, and narrator, hires on a veteran for the winter, it brings change and further troubles. The characters - and their development - is handled fairly well, the plot itself and the type of magic that is the basis for the war isn't very clearly defined and doesn't always seem very sensical - though that may be because of the vague details offered. The development in the relationships - particularly between the two sisters - isn't terribly complex and since it is resolved in one conversation, that's not very satisfying. Plus, the pacing is a bit slow and though the ending's resolution is pretty finite, the very end suggests more books may come later and while I am a bit curious to see if a second installment provides more of the details that I wished for, I doubt that I will be first in line to read it.
1193 This kit to make a jewelry tree is a fun activity, but isn't quite as comprehensive as you might hope. While scissors are obviously needed, a recommendation for glue beyond "clear-drying" would be helpful. The yarn doesn't easily adhere to the wire or plastic, so I found myself trying to glue more than just the ends of the yarn. In addition, the yarn catches on metal clasps with annoying fuzzies. I think that ribbon or a smoother type of yarn might be more successful. It is is a cute and fun idea, but ultimately, I think we will just be using the frame of the tree with different materials!
1194 I was a little hesitant about these leggings at first... the pattern is much louder than my taste usually runs towards. And to be honest, I am not sure that I would have been able justify spending so much on leggings that I wouldn't be comfortable wearing in public (especially if I had any errands to stops to make on the way - or even just wearing these while walking the dog). But, being able to try these out, and wear them, I am quite tempted to buy a pair in a solid color! The fabric is thicker than some other yoga leggings - and I love the stirrups (it reminds me of these fun pants that I had a very long time ago!). They move well and I must say, the cut is surprisingly flattering for leggings.  At around five feet tall, these are a little long for me, so to make the stirrups work, there is some extra fabric bunched at my knees, and they are pulled up pretty high. The fabric feels a little like a wet suit, but not in a bad way. I am surprised by how much I like them!
1195 I enjoyed this thriller... it was pretty exciting and the plot did keep me guessing until nearly the very end. And it did combine some of my favorite plot elements - female serial killers and twins. There were definitely some loose ends left at this book's conclusion, but since there is a sequel, I am hoping that my lingering questions will be answered there. Despite the book's rather self-publishing feel (it's not, the cover art and typography just don't feel.... professional), it was well-written. Other than the holes (which, fingers-crossed, will be answered in _Imola_), my only real complaint was the rather gratuitous sex scenes. Graphic and rather pointless, they didn't really develop the plot and only made me lose sympathy for the reporter (who contrary to the title is the book's real main character). Still, I am looking forward to reading the sequel, especially since the writing style was much stronger than I expected based on the cover... just going to prove that old adage about books and covers once again!
1196 This YA novel is set in Amsterdam during WWII and hooks the reader in right away. The narrator, Hanneke, is eighteen and supporting her parents through her work as a purveyor of hard-to-find black market items as her own forms of resistance to the occupation of her country. But Hanneke's main preoccupation is in her grief from the loss of her boyfriend, Bas, and her estrangement from her best friend. When Hanneke is asked by a customer to find a fifteen year old girl who had been safely hidden away, but has disappeared from her spot. This brings Hanneke into a more active role in the resistance.  It's a fairly fast-paced read, though the end is not as satisfying as for Hanneke's own character growth, but overall it is an entertaining read set against a dramatic background. The angle of the Dutch resistance feels fresh and though the youth of the characters adds to the YA feel, I think adult readers will enjoy this too (I know I did!). The plot definitely holds some surprises, too!
1197 Jimmy the Hand is simply one of my favorite characters! And I must say, that in re-reading this one, I had remembered much more of it than either _Magician: Apprentice_ or _Magician: Master_, but it still was quite an exciting and altogether fun read! I am just really excited to be re-reading this series, since so many books have been published since I last read them! I remember Amos Trask so well, so I suspect that the next book will involve more of him, which will be a lot of fun!
1198 After finishing&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Moon-The-Twilight-Saga-Book-2/dp/B004HYW4JK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Moon (The Twilight Saga, Book 2)</a>&nbsp;in 2007 for the first time, I was pretty excited that I didn't have long to wait for the third book to arrive in stores. I had been so excited to see where this series (I had thought it was going to be just a trilogy) would end, that by the time I reached the cryptic ending, I felt rather annoyed with the drawn out pacing. I am looking forward to seeing the series conclude, but sure wasn't looking forward to waiting! It's an entertaining series, but the pacing here begins to slow down a bit, and the prospect of another year's wait for the conclusion is disappointing. I am thoroughly hooked into the series now, but wish that I had waited to read it until the series was complete!
1199 This is a very nice tablecloth! Though polyester, the fabric has a softer, more expensive cotton/linen feel to it but with the easy washability of synthetic fabric. It isn't as wrinkle free as I would've liked but it irons well. The color is the perfect neutral that can be decorated for nearly year-round use. I especially like it for autumn events!
1200 Well, I think I have enjoyed this third book in the series the most so far! More werewolves, plus the added bonus of not much of Vampire Bill present! Though I would still like to be seeing more of Sam.... But Alcide's character is a lot of fun, not to mention the continued development of Eric! So many handsome men in Sookie's exciting life! At this point, I think I am rooting for Sookie and eric to get together... But either way, I am looking forward to seeing what will happen in the fourth novel! What a fun series!
1201 Our front door surround is actually pretty large, with window panels on the sides of the door. As a result, the smaller, more standard doormats don't always look quite right  this one is extra long, and the zig zag pattern stands out. I also like to put it under the traditional sized mats so that I can still use some of my holiday mats! It holds up nicely in wet weather, and doesnt shed fibers into the house, and even when used, the pattern is more noticeable than any dirt or debris that has been scraped off. It has a harsh bristle, and works well!
1202 Though my husband is the main chef in the family, it has sometimes felt like this is because the set of pots and pans that we have are simply too large for me to use comfortably. I like to try to use our Le Creuset pots, but their heft make them a challenge to clean up, and to lift - especially if full of food. But this has all of the nice physical appearance of a Le Creuset style (and i love this pastel tealish blue!) and only a fraction of the weight! This means that not only is it a lot easier to clean, but the temperature seems to be more responsive (cools off faster, heats up faster). So far, I really like it a lot - I haven't used it a lot - but so far it has helped with the making of some good chicken noodle soup!  Maybe it will even inspire me to cook more!
1203 When I first read the description of this book, I have to admit that this didn't particularly strike me as interesting. I guess I have outgrown a young love of acting, and a plot line involving two actors on opposite ends of the fame spectrum just doesnt hold much appeal to me. But, I do like Stewarts writing, and have enjoyed her earlier novels, so I thought that I would give this one a try. And honestly, it was the previous affection for the author alone, that made me slog through this one until the end. I kept hoping that it would get better, but it just. didnt.  What is really amazing to me is how boring Stewart makes the titular Charlies scenes, considering his plight of being held at gunpoint for such a long time. Janes scenes, though they follow her in more ordinary circumstances, are more interesting, but honestly, neither half of the novel is engaging enough to combine to make the whole book any better. I wish that I had followed my initial instinct and just passed this one up. I just never connected with either storyline or main character, and the implausible climax only further spoiled the book as a whole for me. I suppose I will still keep an eye out for the author in the future, but will try to follow my own instincts on the premise!
1204 I have always tried to keep some extra cards on hand, as they really come in handy at the last minute! Typically, my back-up cards are more generic in nature, and what makes this assortment nice is that they are funnier without being too specific, so they give a more personal feel while still being applicable to a wider range of recipients. It's such handy thing to have these cards ready to go for any forgetful or last minute birthday needs/celebrations!
1205 For being written in 1886, this book felt surprisingly modern and completely engrossing. The twists and turns of Henchard's life enthralled me and though many of his actions proved him reprehensible, he was still somehow likable... Farfrae also was an interesting character, though Elizabeth-Jane truly stole the show. All in all, I was surprised at just how much I enjoyed reading this and I will certainly keep an eye out for his other works. Hardy is one of those classic authors that genuinely isn't a chore to read!
1206 This is the first time that I have encountered Stuart's writing. And I think that this is one of the first novels that I have read that falls into the family drama dealing with autism that is written by a father of someone with autism. Told from the perspective of  Alex, he has recently left his wife, Jody and his eight-year-old autistic son, Sam, and has moved in with his best friend. This perspective casts fresh light on this dynamic, and while I think it's still easy to sympathize with Jody's frustrations with her husband, this may have a wider appeal of audience with Alex's point of view and the inclusion of video games. Though I have heard of Minecraft, this is the first real exposure that I have had to the game, and it certainly sounds more interesting than I originally thought!  I love the Jaws reference, and the way that Alex seems to see everyone as a bit autistic, too. It's a surprisingly heartwarming story and still manages to be something of a pageturner, too, with the shifting drama of all of the relationships in the book - not limited to just Alex's relationships. All of the characters feel realistic and well-drawn. And I think it really helps that some of the author's own life crept into the story - it really makes it a much stronger novel! And while the plot itself is predictable, it is in the best way possible (if that makes any sense - the storyline drives the pages turning, but the real strength is the characters themselves). I truly loved reading it and I am looking forward to reading more from this talented author in the future!
1207 Gaiam's leggings are some of my very favorites to both work out or lounge in! They are a nice, flattering fit and aren't uncomfortable after even hours of wearing them! They are breathable, but thick enough that I don't feel uncomfortable wearing them in public. They are more expensive than many of the leggings in my closet, but are worth the higher price because the quality is that much more! And I just love the stirrups because it reminds me of stirrup pants from back in the day!
1208 Picking up right where&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ritual-A-Novel/dp/B002YX0IE4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ritual: A Novel</a>&nbsp;left off, this fourth book in the Jack Caffery series continues along in the same, more mainstream vein, as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ritual-A-Novel/dp/B002YX0IE4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ritual: A Novel</a>. It is a shade darker, but still infinitely a lighter, less disturbing book than the first two books in this series. The new characters introduced in the third book are all present here, and it's interesting to see them develop. I hope that the series sticks in this locale now!  The plot's straightforwardness and decreased amounts of violence still separate it from the first books in the series, but it is still a quick read, with some fast pacing. Because of this more "normal" thriller vibe, the book, like its predecessor in the series, still doesn't really feel like the same author as the earlier books.
1209 Unfortunately, I found this book to be rather disappointing. It started off simply, but with a rather intriguing premise revolving around our main character, a geneticist studying he longevity gene discovers that her parents were murdered in an archaeological dig in Iraq. A friend of the family passed down not the only the important information, but also an artifact that she uses in her own research to make a startling discovery. This early half of the novel, with its flashbacks and more genuine excitement, was a lot stronger. But soon, the repetitive nature of the book and the constant (and often redundant)  discussion on the effects of longevity bogged the latter half of the book down into a dull, slow-moving wreck. Rather than develop with the story, the characters actually became more two-dimensional and flat as the novel progressed toward the end. By the end, the fate of the characters, as well as that of science, really did not matter at all to me.  For a more interesting read on a similar topic, I would check out Tom Knox's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Genesis-Secret-A-Novel/dp/B003VWC4OO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Genesis Secret: A Novel</a>. It is a lot more exciting and the writing is more consistent and entertaining.
1210 This second book in Ellison's spin-off series is a much stronger novel than the first,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-Deeper-Darkness-Samantha-Owens-Book-1/dp/0778313204/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Deeper Darkness (Samantha Owens, Book 1)</a>. It moves along at a fast pace and has a much more intricate plot. Still, elements of the storyline are bit predictable (namely the vehicles for the murders). But that does not detract from the fun of reading them. There are a couple of points to the overall timeline that may give pause, but overall, it's a fast and entertaining thriller.  This more politically driven series is loosely linked to Ellison's Taylor Jackson series. I prefer the Nashville-set, serial killer thrillers that comprise that series to this more maudlin Washington D.C. series. And though Sam is Taylor's best friend, there is little that actually carries over into these books, and very few references made to the previous series or even Taylor's current life. I am not terribly anxious for more books in this series and hopes that Ellison's break from the Taylor Jackson books does not last too much longer!
1211 The sequel to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sandman-Slim-A-Novel/dp/0061714356/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sandman Slim: A Novel</a>&nbsp;opens up six months after the first book's exciting conclusion. And like its predecessor, the book kicks off right away with a lot of action. It's quite an explosive start! Stark currently freelances for both Heaven and Hell, but a young vampire that he puts down becomes a catalyst for another apocalypse for L.A. - this time the city faces a plague of zombies rising up from the bowels of the City of Angels.  Kadrey continues to balance the action, violence and supernatural details with a solid dose of humour, and fun references (this time even Jaws gets a mention!). The style choice to remove the chapters makes it even easier to just keep turning the pages! Stark develops more here - and more details emerge not only about the other returning characters, but about Kadrey's unique universe. And hints about future plots begin to emerge at the end to lay some groundwork for additions to the series.  All in all, this is a hugely fun read - and I am excited for the third book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Aloha-from-Hell-A-Sandman-Slim-Novel/dp/006171433X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Aloha from Hell: A Sandman Slim Novel</a>.
1212 The fifth book in the Merrily Watkins series is another more worldly than otherworldly mystery. This book's roots center around one of the UK's most infamous serial killers: Fred West. American readers may not be as familiar with this case and Rickman's characters generally avoid discussing the realities and details, so curious readers may want to look for more information elsewhere to put the story into better perspective.  Unfortunately, Jane's character is in a bit of a "downward" funk in this book, making her sections less pleasurable than they usually are. This does, however, greatly add to the series' overall realism. This slows some of the overall action down, or at least it did for me, making this fifth book not my favorite of the series. The premise interested me, but without a solid context on the crimes of Fred West and his wife, it just may not have the fullest impact as it could have had.
1213 Well, I REALLY liked this eighth book in the series! It was VERY exciting - all the more so because of the interesting developments with Sookie and her family. I really love this series - it is just so much fun to read because of the great characters and its exciting fast pace! I really do hope that there is even more of Eric in the next book... Although I do still really like Sam, too.... Harris makes it hard to decide which hero to root for! Still, I thought I could wait until the next one came out in paperback, but now, especially after reading the sneak peek in the back of the book, well, I don't know how I can wait for the ninth book! I love that you can pre-order books on the Kindle and then stay up late to feel like you are getting them early! It's a wonderful/terrible invention for impatient readers!
1214 This YA book opens engagingly with the rather unconventional inner monologue of the about-to-be-sixteen-years-old Aza, who has a rare lung ailment (it's even named after her!) and as she puts it, "a history of hospitals". With such a history, her inner voice is tough, with hints of vulnerability as well. There is some vulgar language, but that's about the only non-age-appropriate part of the book. I think an audio version would be particularly appealing, too.  And though Aza addresses the reader directly at times which is a huge pet peeve of mine, the book has a convincing edge to even it's most unbelievable sections. It's a surprisingly emotional read, too. The perspective doesn't stay with Aza, but the style isn't very different between the perspectives, so it could be even more powerful if future books in the series develop the other characters more, especially in those sections. The action gets a little chaotic and muddled at times, the book ends leaving me at least anxious for the sequel! It's an exciting read and really feels original with its blend of modern and magic. I definitely plan on continuing on with the series - I hope that the wait isn't too terrible long! There are plenty pf places to pick up the story and questions left unanswered, and yet the ending is still completely satisfying which is a conclusion with a balance that is hard to manage! It's very well-done!
1215 This debut thriller, originally written in German, (though I am fairly certain it is translated to English by a British person... a few turns of phrase stand out as momentarily distracting) is set in a rather limited scene in Munich. The main character, Linda, is a recluse. A bestselling author who hasn't left her home in over a decade certainly makes for a strong hook! Right from the beginning, the reader begins to doubt the credibility of the narrator which runs throughout the book nicely to add to the tension and suspense. Linda's fragility stems from discovering the body of her murdered sister, and also catching a glimpse of her killer. When the police fail to make good on their promises of justice, Linda retreats away from the world, until a chance glimpse on the television screen springs into motion the titular trap to lure her sister's killer into her home for the ultimate justice.  It's a fast-paced read and includes the fun of Linda's fictionalization of her sister's murder, which gives the book a fun structure and is an interesting way to present the background. Both the story-within-a-story and the unreliability of the narrator makes this a thrilling read. I am definitely curious to see what Raabe will write next! Her characters are well-constructed and both the narrative and plot are quite well-done!
1216 This was a very summery-fun type of book. It wasn't my favorite of his... The ending felt a little rushed. It was still a fun read, just not his best work. It followed the same lines as _Darkness, Tell Us_. It was a fun, summer thriller set primarily around a fateful camping trip.
1217 I love her books. I know they're terribly Lifetime-movie-esque, but I just love them. Utterly emotional, impossible to put down. You care about all of the characters - and there is always a twist at the end. This one was no different. I don't tend to loan her books out - I like to keep them for myself, though it is rather selfish. I own all of her books and just as soon as I finish this one, I am anxious for the next (which I think will be out in hardcover in just under a month). And though I waited for this one to be out in paperback, I don't think this next one will be one I wait for. And though I have a stack of books that I haven't read for the first time yet, I think I may have to play book-Jenga in my closet so I can re-read all of her books. After all, I should know which one is my favorite, right?
1218 This is my first experience with Whitehouse's writing - though I actually have one of her earlier novels waiting in the wings, so to speak, in my ever-growing To Be Read pile. This is a fun mystery - I always enjoy it when a "regular" person is thrust into trying to solve a crime (regular in non-police/investigator/associated with a courtroom). The prologue sets up the murder and the main character, Rowan, immediately suspects that the police are wrong that her estranged best friend and artist Marianne fell to her death accidentally. A woman who spent a lifetime of avoiding the edges of the roof balcony of her childhood home seems unlikely to have fallen from it, and so Rowan begins inserting herself in the lives of those she parted ways from at the same time as her falling out with Marianne and begins digging into what really happened.  The story unfolds a bit slowly at first, carefully skirting around the past and the rift between Rowan and Marianne. There's more romance involved than I had expected as Rowan reconnects with her own past as well. Towards the latter half of the book, the pacing really picks up. While there are plenty of clues about the rift, Rowan makes some downright shocking choices - at one point, I literally gasped aloud and I am not sure that I can recall the last time a book made me do that! The ending neatly ties back to the beginning of the novel, which adds to the overall satisfaction of the read. It's a well-constructed novel with characters that feel pretty genuine, even at their most awful!
1219 Though not terribly original, this love story was certainly a fast and entertaining read. The end was, unfortunately, predictable, but still managed to evoke my emotions. A short, albeit powerful novel, my only real complaint was that this book was just too short, too narrow in scope. I think that this book could have been nicely integrated into a larger book as a secondary plot. Translated from the German, I thought that the translator did a nice job, but I would pity anyone who reads this book who does not have at least an understanding of conversational French, as little French was translated into English. The characters seemed a little stiff at times, but, really I think this was more because of the focus of the book being so narrow.
1220 Translated from the Finnish, I unfortunately found that the premise of this novel was more charming than its actual execution. It opens at the funeral of the titular character's mother. Grieving, Norma cannot comprehend the circumstances of her mother's death and eventually she begins to question and investigate her mother's life. Interspersed in Norma's investigation is the criminal underworld of the hair industry and its subsidiaries (baby brokering, apparently). This dirty world is certainly unique, and the topmost layer is the magic of Norma's hair that grows and grows - and also tells her things, reacts to her emotions and has something of its own mind.  But ultimately, I was rather disappointed with the book. It never really captured me, and I didn't really like any of the characters at all. Most upsettingly, the book didn't always make sense - which may be in part due to the translation. I sort of wish that I had just set this aside rather than forcing myself to finish... it never got any better.
1221 Oh, this fifth addition to the series was just great! I stayed up way too late finishing it in one sitting. It was more action-packed than usual, which really led to an even faster pace! More suitors are lining up for Sookie -  there is a mysterious guy named Quinn introduced here... But Harris keeps you guessing about Sookie's romantic future! I still don't care for Bill, and though I love Eric, I do have a soft spot for Sam. And I must say that I had hoped that Alcide would remain in the running a bit longer! This is such a fun series! A quick, easy and VERY entertaining read!
1222 The premise of this book, unfortunately, was much more interesting than its actual execution. It was a fun, silly sort of adventure that would have been more entertaining without the video game references and stilted, unrealistic dialogue. The loose ending and the characters' blanket acceptance of all the outlandish actions just felt completely unbelievable. Still, it was overall entertaining enough to keep me reading. If the characters had been more three-dimensional and less stereotypical, and the wildlife had been treated more realistically, then I would have enjoyed this much, much more.
1223 The last desktop computer that I owned was my college Dell - and I must say, that it has held up well (I re-set it up only a year or so ago to dig out some old files and was amazed that it worked - even AIM opened automatically!) over time. But, three laptops later, and being frustrated at the way they never held up over time, I felt nostalgic for my good old desktop - and now I am writing this review from this new and improved one! The computer comes with keyboard and mouse (not the screen like my first one did), but I admit to being surprised that the mouse and keyboard were included (I had dug up my old one along with the new screen from the basement in preparation for this new office set up). The base is lager than I expected, but I imagine that has something to do with the massive amounts of storage space that it has.  The keyboard and mouse respond nicely, though I think I will most likely replace the mouse with a wireless one, since the current layout of our office has the base to the computer on the floor. It is as easy to set up as my original Dell, and we had the whole thing up and running in a matter of minutes - I think I spent more time removing the stickers from the front than actually getting it all plugged in! It works well and I haven't had any trouble with it whatsoever - I have a feeling that this one will last even longer than my original one (which is still in my basement).
1224 This is actually the first essay collection of Lawsons that I have read. Her second collection, Furiously Happy, caught my attention last year, and I have been curious since then to check out Lawsons writing. I really enjoy the essay format, and so was glad to have the opportunity to start reading this collection.  Its hilarious  genuinely laugh-out-loud funny! So much fun that I actually already picked up the audio version to share with my husband on our next road trip! Its consistently humorous throughout. There are even some pictures included (which are handled through descriptions in the audio version which is performed by the author) which adds to the fun. Listening and reading it both have just been a really fun time! I am really looking forward to reading/listening to her second book now, too! Lawson has quickly jumped to the top of my list of female memoirists/essayists!
1225 This is a sizable printer - and perhaps a bit more for small offices than household use. It is a black-and-white printer/scanner/copier/fax. The set-up is nice because of the wireless option, which is especially handy with such a huge printer. It is really heavy - and if I hadn't had help in just getting it off of my porch, let alone upstairs to my office, I don't know that it would have ever gotten out of its box! It is very cumbersome to move. But, once it is parked in place, though it takes up quite a bit of room, it is a speedy and functional printer. My husband is familiar with this brand from his office, so we had no trouble setting it up. The worst part was getting it out of the box and physically where I wanted it. I hope we don't redecorate our office for a long time!!
1226 I really liked this one! This is just a fun series, no doubt about it! I really like the role of the mafia so far, too. The characters are all interesting and the dialogue is lively and funny. I must admit that the male characters are much more developed than the female characters, though. Still, it's a lot of fun and each of the plots are original - although how many frame-ups can one lawyer reveal? It will be interesting to see how this series develops.
1227 I enjoyed this novel about poker and gambling quite a bit. It had some genuine laugh-out-loud moments, great characters and truly terrific writing. The whole book had a very cinematic quality to it. It was a lot of fun to read and I am definitely looking forward to reading Wener's other books! What a talent!
1228 Ehh - I really have to stop getting my hopes up every time a back-of-the-book endorsement makes a comparison for a collection of essays to David Sedaris. I have yet to read a collection that captures humour, heart and wit the way Sedaris does. Theres only one King of the Essay, and unfortunately this collection doesnt even come close to approaching dethroning Sedaris. Maybe fans of Star Search-winner Sam Harris will disagree, but before reading this book, I did not know who Harris was. As not the key audience for this book, I really did not enjoy it as much as I had hoped. Harris essay span from the 1960s to the present day, but do not connect to one another. It is a disjointed collection, and none of the essays pull together the collection as a whole. It reads more like a nonsequential memoir than anything else. It isn't poorly written, but involves a lot of name-dropping that I admit had me Googling people from the third essay on Liza Minnelli's most recent wedding.  For those readers who prefer Augusten Burroughs, this may be more to their liking. Like Burroughs, there is a sort of darker undertone that I found off-putting. Some of his attitudes border on the offensive and it just isn't the light-hearted and fun collection that I expected. This collection just isn't for me.
1229 This&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Crucible-Penguin-Plays/dp/0140481389/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Crucible (Penguin Plays)</a>&nbsp;re-make is probably my least favorite of her books. Probably because it is the most unbelievable. I mean how could someone be convicted once for a crime he did not commit and then nearly be convicted of the same crime again? It's just ridiculous.  I guess it's nice that Jordan McAfee is back in it - that's one of the redeeming facets. It also follows her same courtroom formula.
1230 This is a short, and rather silly mystery novel. It's entertaining enough to keep the pages turning, since there aren't that many of them (only about 300 of them). It feels rather reminiscent of a Mary Higgins Clark book, but with a less plausible plot and more cursing and sex. The ending is perhaps its strongest aspect; the twist is well-handled, but a one word summary of the book would simply be: ridiculous. But, if you need a fast and fun book, to laugh about the ludicrous nature of the plot, then this may be just the thing!
1231 Wow - my stomach literally hurts from reading this in one sitting! At one point, iced tea nearly came out of my nose ("Rubbish" is the culprit - read with caution if enjoying with liquids). It has been a long five years since Sedaris' last collection of essays,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/When-You-Are-Engulfed-in-Flames/dp/0316154687/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">When You Are Engulfed in Flames</a>, and this one is more of a return to his earlier collections - a mix of "et ceteras" and essays from his past and present. My husband, though, will be disappointed that the collection lacks new tales of "The Rooster" Paul Sedaris, but plenty of other family members make appearances in this laugh-out-loud funny collection. Sedaris' age begins to show a bit here with essays turning to colonoscopies and politics, but this adds to the overall feeling of re-acquainting yourself with a friend you haven't seen in a while.  Though it is always sad to reach the end so quickly, I am somewhat appeased by purchasing the audio version as well to brighten up my terribly dull job. I started listening to it already this afternoon, and interestingly, the essays in the audio version are in a different order than in the printed version. And diehard Sedaris fans will definitely recognize a few of these ("Laugh Kookabura" for one), but that is one of the best things about his essays - no matter how many times you hear or read them, they are just as funny and entertaining as this first time. Sedaris is really the best at this frequently emulated style of humour memoir/essay collections and I am already looking forward to his next collection!
1232 This is quite a comprehensive cookbook! There are many different recipes gathered here, and I think everyone would be able to fashion more than one excellent meal using this alone as a resource. It is more functional cookbook than a coffee table cookbook (in other words, in this cookbook, the recipes and directions more than outweigh close-up, glamour shots of the finished food), and it is also has a biographical feel as Pepin comments directly on many of the recipes. All in all, a great resource!
1233 What a fun collection of short stories! I enjoyed these much more than I thought I would, since I don't generally like short stories. I especially liked the stories from Clay's P.O.V. - he is just a terrific character and it was great to get to know his character better. I'm really looking forward to the next set of short stories!
1234 This is an over-sized watch - it does catch the light nicely. It is all gold, with a brighter strip down the band that is especially pretty. But it is very large - my husband actually took this watch over as his own, because it just looked too ridiculous on my wrist - and he had to get a link taken out of it! Still, it's a nice watch that he is enjoying - I wish that it looked better on me though!
1235 At first, I was really disappointed with this book because it turns out that it is the sequel to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Possessions/dp/0843951710/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Possessions</a>. No where on the book's cover, or inside flaps is this pivotal fact mentioned. I had to look it up online to figure out why something felt missing... And since the ending of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Possessions/dp/0843951710/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Possessions</a>&nbsp;is definitively given away in this sequel, I am not really in any rush to go back and read it. Maybe someday... That aside, I did enjoy this book quite a bit. The narration was refreshing and the characters were likable. The end also seems pretty open-ended, so I will keep an eye out for a third book in this series. There were a lot of gaps in the plot, but it didn't bother me too much, since this book was mostly all about excitement.
1236 I first picked up this book in 2007. It had been misplaced on the Borders 3-for-2 table, and after finding two books that I was excited for, I rushedly grabbed this trade paperback, intrigued by the beauty of its cover. I skimmed the back description, saw that it had something to do with vampires, and figured, well it's free, who knows? The store clerk hadn't wanted to include it in the deal, but when I showed her that two other copies were on the table, she relented. A month or so later, I picked it out of my shelf and started reading it. A few pages in, I stopped - shocked that I had mistakenly picked up a young adult book. And though the language is simple, once the story got going, the book became shockingly engaging. The characters - as silly as sparkling vampires are - do come to life, and the love-triangle is well done. I plan on seeing just where this series goes. It's a fast and fun read that is totally age-appropriate to the YA market.
1237 This is the author's US debut, and though the premise sounds promising, I am not finding it to be quite as engaging as I had hoped... It starts off with Anna, a radio presenter, freshly returned from maternity leave, who finds herself and her eight-month old daughter threatened on a beach by an oddly aggressive teenager. She winds up killing him in self-defense, but not before the boy's cryptic last words cause her to question the entire encounter.  Despite the action that starts right away, the simple writing style is oddly repetitive and the plot is easy to figure out when only a fraction of the way into the book. The passive writing style slows the pace down for me, and I don't find myself caring about any of the characters, either. And though my initial guess was mostly correct, I just didn't feel very satisfied in being proven right... This book, with its forced romance and overly tidy ending just left me feeling disappointed. I am usually all for a good serial killer story, but this one just never did it for me!
1238 From its blurb, this seems like it will be a Hunger Games-type read, but after enjoying Oliver's From its blurb, this seems like it will be a Hunger Games-type read, but after enjoying Oliver's novel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Delirium/dp/0061726834/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Delirium</a>, I thought I would take a chance on it. First of all, this is not a dystopian fiction story at all. Though Carp is hardly a utopia - but it has a modern, small-town feel that makes this more of a town on a severe downswing than an upswing. And the game is one that does have deadly risks - but the payoff is a way out. The characters are more developed than I expected, and the romance isn't one that is overly nauseating, but as per the genre, is definitely a major element in the plot. Marketed as a standalone, the ending does feel complete. I actually think I liked this one more than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Delirium/dp/0061726834/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Delirium</a>, and definitely more than I expected to from its back blurb - definitely worth reading!
1239 This marks the eighth novel in Hannah's rather unconventional mystery series that features the Spilling police force. What makes this a different sort of series is that the recurring characters and their personal lives always play a more background-role, with a new first-person narrator more closely tied to each case in hand. On the whole, this makes the series easy to pick up at any point, and though I would recommend starting with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Little-Face-A-Zailer-and-Waterhouse-Mystery-A-Zailer-Waterhouse-Mystery/dp/0143114085/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Little Face: A Zailer and Waterhouse Mystery (A Zailer & Waterhouse Mystery)</a>, readers would not be lost were they to begin here.  Hannah writes in an engaging manner and has created intriguing characters across the breadth of the series. Unfortunately, this latest book falls a bit short of her usual standards. The new characters here are not as likable or relatable. And though the plot itself is rather surprising, the tension level is surprisingly low. I think the letters are the strongest part of the novel, but my apathy towards the characters makes it hard to really care about the outcome for any of them. All the poetry bogs down the pacing, too. Overall, it's a disappointment considering how much I have enjoyed earlier books in the series. I will certainly read a ninth book, but I hope that it is a stronger novel than this one!
1240 Myers' writing hooks in the readers from the very first page. Caroline wakes up in the hospital to discover that she has had a stroke - and her husband and newborn daughter are out of sight. Soon, though, it becomes clear that Lily's development is stymied. Dealing with disability is a topic that I have read in other fictional books, but it is handled here in a very realistic manner. Caroline's mistakes, turbulent emotions and hopes are all exquisitely captured. And she is not the only character to feel completely authentic - what makes this all the more impressive is how uncliched even the more minor characters feel. The relationships share that genuine quality, though obviously some are more positive than others - but that adds to the realism of the novel. It is a moving story, but with enough lightness and love that it never becomes a depressing, downer of a read.  It's an engaging read and quite impressively written. It has a polished feel and I am most certainly looking forward to checking out her debut novel as well as keeping an eye out for any future ones!
1241 Who doesn't love a good mafia story? Especially one set in Ohio! I really enjoyed this movie - the acting and plot were completely engrossing. I am not usually one for immediately watching special features after seeing a movie for the first time, but since this is based on a true story, I couldn't pass up watching the documentary that accompanied the film on DVD. It was just all so interesting! I have already lent this DVD out (within my home, of course) to friends and family, knowing that they will enjoy it, even if I don't have time to watch it again! Though, it is definitely a movie that I am sure I will watch more than once! It was really great!
1242 Told from the titular Jillian Cade's perspective, this Young Adult novel opens engagingly as Jillian handles the family business of paranormal investigations while her absent father continues his worldwide tour of charlatandom and selling fake mystical artifacts. Alone for over a year, Jillian makes ends meet by faking paranormal activity for her clients, and it's clear that she is a tough young woman. But on the first day of her junior year, a new student gets under her skin. Jillian's inner narrative is pretty funny and the book is engaging and fast-paced from its first pages.  The romance is cute and the plot has enough dimension to be both fun and interesting. The pages move along quite quickly! And the storyline takes some unexpected turns and when the supernatural parts turn out to be more than they originally seem, the book becomes even more exciting. The ending firmly sets this book up as the first in a series and one that I will definitely be keeping my eye out for! I really love the characters and it's a pretty unique storyline, too. I am looking forward to seeing where Klein takes it from here!
1243 This latest installment of the Merrily Watkins series definitely entertained me more than the eighth book, The Remains of an Altar. Actually, I enjoyed it quite a bit more than I expected to - books that use the Knights of the Templar and the Freemasons to move plots forward are not my preferred sub-genre of thriller, but this was more plausible than most. Rickman incorporated some historical elements here that tied in nicely with the story, and fit very well in the series overall. Unfortunately, this plot was not as unpredictable and complex as some of the previous series entrants.  Still, this one is yet another that captures that "true-to-life" quality that Rickman has managed to infuse his books with. The characters continue to feel so real that you would expect to meet them on the street, just as they are. It is a wonderful series, and I am sad that I have caught up with the volumes published!
1244 I must admit that I enjoyed this second entrant in the Jack Taylor series much more than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Priest/dp/0312378270/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Priest</a>. This one focused much more on the plot - and while the characters were still strong, it made for a much better book, albeit less humourous, than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Priest/dp/0312378270/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Priest</a>. This out-of-order reading is still driving me nuts though! I really detest reading series books out of order, and though it doesn't seem like any of the other plots have been given away, I am looking forward to the day when I get to re-read them in order!
1245 I enjoyed this seventh volume in the series, but maybe not quite as much as the others... I can't quite put my finger just what was missing, but it wasn't quite as exciting as some of the previous books. The ending bordered on bittersweet, and the entire novel, though as fast-paced as the others, felt more rushed. There just wasn't much a satisfactory conclusion - which definitely rises the anticipation for the eighth book in the series, but still left this one to be a little disappointing. I REALLY want to know where this series is going!! I am very glad that there was more interaction between Sookie and Eric... I am pretty sure that I like that relationship the best in the entire series... but Harris has a true skill in stringing along Sookie's suitors (and her readers)!
1246 This debut novel is a sweet story - it's a bit sad at times, definitely engaging and while not exactly unpredictable, its intended audience may not find this to be true. Like Rear Window and many other books and films, the narrator is confined to the windows to watch the neighborhood. Matthew Corbin, the titular goldfish boy watches the outside like a fish from a tank. A prisoner of his own fears and obsessions, Matt has found it increasingly hard to leave his home. When he is the last person to see young Teddy before the 15-month old disappears, Matt becomes forced into a more active participant in the outside world again.  It's easy to see what traumatized Matt, but less easy to guess at Teddy's fate. It's a fast and fun read - filled with some fun emails, lists and a wise Wallpaper Lion. Matt is a good character to root for, and the book has a surprisingly realistic feel to it. It may not be entirely new, but it is entirely easy to quickly care for the characters described on this street. It's perfectly age appropriate as well, which is always nice!
1247 This set of 20 vibrant fine markers is a nice set. It comes in a very travel-friendly tin. The colors are bright and in a variety that can be combined in fun ways in a favorite coloring book. They are water based markers that don't bleed through thicker paper. It's a nice range and variety with no colors repeated.
1248 Books revolving around family drama, secrets and involve twin sisters are all the elements of the perfect storyline to me... But it's a bit manipulative which may frustrate some readers and there are elements that may annoy or bother others. But a woman walking away from her family is certainly a provocative hook and one that makes the pages easy to keep turning. But, like many of these types of novels, while absorbing in the moment, if you take a step back, there is plenty to cause you to roll your eyes about it.  Seskis does a good job in juggling the multiple perspectives - and the Britishness of the prose and vocabulary adds some fun to it. I think I will keep an eye out for other novels - though I think that any purchases will be more premise dependent than an automatic one.
1249 Wow! This sequel caught my attention nearly as completely as its predecessor! The level of suspense was here than in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Keeper-of-Lost-Causes-The-First-Department-Q-Novel-A-Department-Q/dp/0452297907/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Keeper of Lost Causes: The First Department Q Novel (A Department Q)</a>, but the characters continued to develop and grow, making for a riveting read. And the translation was flawless done! While boarding school "gangs" are not new to fiction, Adler-Olsen gave them a fresh life here. Yes, it wasn't quite as unpredictable as the first book, but the strength of the characters (both recurring and new) more than compensated for any familiarity to the plot. I particularly thought he did a wonderful job with Kimmie. As an anti-hero, she performed beautifully in a grim and darkly glittering way that added facets and dimensions to the story that were completely unique and fascinating. The growth and development of Department Q was nice to see. I continued to enjoy Carl's character, though Assad still stole the show for me. I can't wait to learn even more about him and his past! I am very eager for the next installment!
1250 This is a very neat machine with a lot of features that makes not ideal for a beginner. A user already familiar with more advanced sewing machines will definitely feel more at home with this one! There are so many options and a lot is included with the machine - it offers so much flexibility and is surprisingly small for what it is does. You can even easily plug it into your computer to add even more options - there is a lot of value for the price. But it is definitely a bit intimidating for a first time sewing machine owner. But the instructions are easy to follow, though it does require previous sewing skills... it's been a long time since I have had to string bobbins and thread a sewing machine, but the neat things that you can do are easy to help inspire you to learn and experiment with it (I have been teasing my husband about hiding embroidered Mickey Mouses on all of his clothing, hahaha). As I become more confident and adept at using it, I will continue to add to this review!
1251 This book was not quite as good as I hoped it would be. I loved the premise (Ballard was not really the first one to find the Titanic, there was a first expedition in 1975 and the book is split in two between this first expedition and one in 1995) but the pacing of the book was off. It was too slow-moving when it should be faster and too brief where more detail would have been nice. What was interesting as well was that this book was first published about 7 years before the blockbuster film, _Titanic_. Several times while reading this book, I wondered if the screenwriters or director had read this as well. Aside from the terrible title, this book had a lot of potential so it is a real shame that its execution ruined it. The characters were not strong, or dynamic enough to make up for the pacing problem either. The point-of-view could have also been improved by sticking more to one central character. The book's originality though, did make it a worthwhile read.
1252 With a premise of a woman returning from New York City to her East Texas home in the 1960s, this book sounded intriguing from the start. The titular, Ruby, returned to her childhood hometown in 1963 is not the same woman who left. Haunted by her own past, by the ghosts of violent deaths in the area, she lost her grasp on reality and became more of a cautionary tale to her gossiping neighbors. Only one person still saw her for who she was  Ephram, who carried over his childhood love for Ruby to adulthood.  This was really an impressive debut novel  written with a genuine flair and polish. The expressions and descriptions leapt off the page. Bond used some really extraordinary ways of describing the mundane while at the same time handling the supernatural elements in such a casual manner. I found the book to be quite engaging and fast-paced, with layers that will incite plenty of discussion. The Oprah book club endorsement will also help bring this to book clubs!  But, with the violence and subject matter, be warned that the book may not appeal to everyone  it was much darker than I expected it to be. Still, it was very well-written and managed to capture an epic quality as well as balanced out some of the more villainous characters to be more dynamic. While the justice didn't really satisfy me, there was enough hope for the future that helped restore some of the feelings after the downright horrors described. What a powerful debut!
1253 Since first reading&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Bloodletter-s-Daughter-A-Novel-of-Old-Bohemia/dp/1612184650/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Bloodletter's Daughter (A Novel of Old Bohemia)</a>, I have been keeping my eye out for any of Lafferty's books. She is a talented writer who has a gift for fully realized historical settings. Both of her previous novels are simply wonderful as she balances strong characters, exciting plots all in a richly detailed setting. When I heard that she was turning her attention to the infamous Countess Bathory, I could hardly wait to read it, so curious to see just what she would do with this notorious figure.  And in her third novel, Lafferty breaks away from a solely historical fiction novel. Alongside the events leading up to Countess' arrest, Lafferty introduces the 2010 plot of a psychoanalyst and her patient. The modern plot surprisingly makes up the bulk of this 400 page-plus novel and unfortunately fails to capture interest as strongly as the 1610 counterpart. Lafferty's strengths lie in the historical chapters as even the characters there are more strongly realized. The modern characters feel a bit flatter - and its plot, even more surprisingly, is far more predictable than the historical one. The Jungian-twist also contrasts with the 2010 setting - I feel that I would have liked these chapters more had they been set just thirty years earlier. I still greatly enjoy Lafferty's writing though I hope her next book remains solely in a more historical time period!
1254 I really enjoyed this third installment of the Mercy Thompson series. It will be a long few weeks while I wait for the fourth book! But at least there is another series that takes place in this same world (The Alpha and Omega series) that I am anxious to start reading. I am really enjoying this - a new series is always a lot of fun to get interested in!
1255 This is actually not the first book that I have read with this title - but it is certainly the first book that I have read that is basically a The Biggest Loser-remake. Zoe and Greg have been a couple since college and since then, have let themselves go more than a bit. Together, they join a radio-station-sponsored competition to lose weight. The book is light in tone and pretty funny at times. It is always rather exciting to read something that qualifies as "chick lit" when it has been written by a man (but don't worry, there are enough phallic references here that readers won't forget that the mind behind even Zoe's POV is a masculine one...). Written by a British man, there are a lot of pop culture references that may leave American readers feel like they are missing a punchline or two. But there are still plenty of scenes that readers across both sides of the pond can share a laugh or two over.  It's a fast-paced and entertaining read that anyone who has ever tried to lose weight will find something here to commiserate with. I like that the book alternates its chapters between the husband and wife and between the two of them, they leave nothing out of every fad or popular way to lose weight. Some readers may find this to be an inspirational read, or just something to giggle over. Overall, it's a feel-good, light read - though female readers may find themselves rolling their eyes a bit at times.
1256 When my in-laws moved to a lake house permanently, on any night drives back home, I have never seen so many bugs left on the windshield (hood, headlights) that are resistant even to the windshield washer fluid supposedly designed just for removing insects!  This spray, however, works great! We have tried a few other brands and this one seems to be quite effective (though you do have to put some muscle into some of the heartier insects). It doesnt have an overly caustic smell and the sprayer works nicely as well  a definite must in our garage for the summer! As an aside, it also works pretty well on bird mess All without damaging the paint!
1257 I really enjoyed this book - much more than I thought I would - an epic poem set in LA would not normally be my type of reading-for-fun, but the werewolf aspect really brought this to life. It was a lot of fun, vivid writing and stronger characters than I thought. It was really great!
1258 In the last few years, I have read a few books with similar premises - that of a child raised in a cult and coming of age to question their surroundings. So Hautmans novel is not the first of its kind that I have encountered, but it is definitely an engaging read. Seventeen year old Jacob narrates the story from inside Nodd, a Montana settlement that he has lived in for the past twelve years, recalling little about life outside the boundaries of the cults land. The faith of this sect is largely Biblical though they also include some non-canonical apocryphal books like Enoch.  Jacobs faith is tested when he meets the pretty daughter of their closest neighbor. A newcomer also presents different challenges to him. The writing style is very smooth and offers a detailed look into his daily life and unique views of the group. Though, like any sect classified as a cult, there is a darker side that is also slowly revealed with polygamy, child brides and harsh punishments. It is a fascinating and fast-paced read and I think it will incite lively discussions amongst its readers!
1259 This is a nice looking, neutral bra. It's not heavily padded, but is definitely a thicker padding than what I would consider to be a light lining. The lace at the top of the cups is nice and adds a sexiness to what is an everyday bra. The cup size seemed a little smaller than normal but it could be from the lace top perhaps? Otherwise, it's comfortable and does its job well. The nude color means you can wear it under more things which is nice.
1260 Unfortunately, this was not the series' strongest addition. The beginning really dragged on for a long time, and the new characters that were introduced just did not have the same charm and realism that I've come to expect from Rickman. The supernatural element was very low-key, here and the overall plot simply was not as complex or unpredictable as those found in previous installments in the series.  The sections revolving around Jane, however, were particularly riveting - and much more exciting than the more dominant Merrily sections (especially by the end - I am interested to see how much of a role this Neil Cooper will play in the later books in the series, particularly because of that medium's prediction). Gomer's role fit perfectly, and I was so pleased to finally see Athena again!  While this was far from my favorite book in the series, I am quite sad that I am nearing the published end of the series! There are only a few books that are already published that I have yet to read before I join the publication wait!
1261 This was the first John Connolly book I read, and I absolutely adored it.  It was magical and brings back elements of childhood that strike a universal chord.  The twisting of fairy tales brought an edge of humour to what could have been otherwise depressing book.  I started off the New Year reading this book, and I thought it was a great way to usher in a new year, with a great new book. It rapidly joined the ranks of my very favourite books.  I'm quite excited to read his other work!
1262 This exciting thriller took me completely by surprise. Hayder hooked me from the very first page. But when she offered part of the story from the killer's point-of-view, my spirits sunk - I hoped for more of a mystery... I kept reading, and to my delight, not only did the book become even more exciting, but the question of point-of-view did not detract from the mystery at all! The surprises and shocks continued on through to the riveting climax. Hayder's talent impressed me to no end - she maintained the level of suspense, and mystery throughout, and also made the different perspective - including the serial killer - work very well. After finishing the book, I knew that this is one that will stay with me for a long time. There were some very shocking scenes, and plenty of violence, which may bother some, but I know I at least am looking forward to reading the sequel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Treatment/dp/0802146139/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Treatment</a>!
1263 I enjoyed this book of essays quite a bit. It had parts that were laugh-out-loud funny, but it was not on the same caliber as the essay collections of David Sedaris. Actually, this reminded me of the essays of Chuck Klosterman, but with more of a political slant than an entertainment based one. I would read his other books, but I guess I am not really going to race to the store for another one. It was an entertaining collection, but there isn't really that one essay that I felt like I just had to share with a friend, or re-read over and over to laugh again and again.
1264 Well, the author sure has a knack for ending books on cliffhangers! The mystery and intrigue is certainly deepening as this saga progresses.  The plots have twists and turns and the characters are strong. As each one progresses, I am more and more interested in this unique story.
1265 The third installment in the Sandman Slim series provides another action-packed, humour-laden adventure. With Stark's distinctive narration, L.A. and the universe itself faces a new possible destruction as Hell itself rises again to war against Heaven. This book almost feels more like a direct sequel to the first book in the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sandman-Slim-A-Novel/dp/0061714356/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sandman Slim: A Novel</a>. Many of the loose-ends left in the first volume are dealt with here. And nearly all of the series regulars put in appearances, too! It's a fun read and the plot certainly takes some truly shocking and unexpected twists. And the ending really leaves me eager for the next book in the series! I really can't wait for&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Devil-Said-Bang-A-Sandman-Slim-Novel/dp/0062197606/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Devil Said Bang: A Sandman Slim Novel</a>!  Stark's archnemesis, Mason Faim, once again serves as the main villain. But the ending itself is probably the most intriguing part of the book - it certainly is a fun set up for the next book! Watching Stark's development over the series has been really a genuine pleasure to read. And while the action and humour gives the book a light tone, the book contains some astute observations about the world, too. The series has a surprising amount of depth, really. I can't wait to keep reading the series!
1266 I started reading Mary Higgins Clark books with my grandmother, and from my 4th grade on, we were swapping Mary Higgins Clark books back and forth between one another.  This one is probably my favorite, however.  I re-read it from time to time (as with most of her books, this is a VERY fast read) when I am looking to read an exciting book, or feel like reading about Multiple Personality Disorder.
1267 I just love his books! He is such a wonderful writer! My only complaint is that this book was marketed as a stand-alone when characters do appear in other books (e.g, Sharon Macy is in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Lovers-A-Thriller/dp/1416569553/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lovers: A Thriller</a>) - it's not a big deal, but I wish I had known that, as I would have read them in order. Still, this was a fascinating book with rich characters, an inventive plot and some terribly awful and sad happenings. I really enjoyed reading it. I can't wait to read another book by him - this was the last one of his that I hadn't read! It is going to be a looong wait for&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Whisperers-Charlie-Parker-Book-9/dp/1439165246/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Whisperers (Charlie Parker, Book 9)</a>.
1268 I bought this book for $1 and when it was chosen for February's book club book, I was quite surprised. It certainly was not the romantic, funny, chick lit book that I think we all expected it to be. It had surprisingly little actual romance, and what romance there was did not seem worth rooting for. Tessa King was not overly likable. She made bad decisions (again and again); her love interests were not interesting and most of all, for a character who was supposed to be 35, I know 15-year-olds who are more mature. Her entire job situation struck me as utterly ridiculous as well... Some of the minor characters had interesting storylines, but not many of them came to clear resolutions, either. In the end, I was entertained, but frustrated since not many strands of plot seemed concluded. I am curious about the sequel, just to see if anything else is wrapped up.
1269 This fast and fun e-short story opens up with Chet the Jet's infamous last day of K-9 school, and we finally all learn just how a cat was involved in his disgrace in the jumping portion of the test. But Quinn remains careful to hide away the exact details still of Bernie's fall from the police force. Causing some confusion, however, is the fact that Bernie is already divorced here. Though it has been a while since I have read the first book in the series, I recall having the distinct impression that Chet was already in Bernie's life before Leda left. But that continuity hitch aside, this is a very fun - and altogether too short! - prequel to this terrific series!
1270 Though the fourth book in Harvey's series featuring Chicago PI Michael Kelly is my least favorite in the series, I am still curious to see where the series will go, so I am excited to be reading this fifth installment. The book opens four years after the events of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/We-All-Fall-Down/dp/1408830418/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">We All Fall Down</a>. Kelly's new case will set him to solve the mystery of where corrupt and convicted ex-governor Ray Perry has disappeared to on the day of his sentencing to thirty years without the chance of parole. As before, Harvey brings Chicago vividly to life (and with so many felons for governor in Illinois, the only surprise in this plot is how he hasn't already used it earlier in the series!).  While the early books in the series have a sort of noirish feel and an almost timeless quality to them, this one mentions specific years and has smartphones and laptops in use. It feels more like a standard sort of thriller and it certainly moves at a fast pace. The plot takes some surprising turns, though Kelly's personal life is less of a focus here than in previous books, so it will be interesting to see if a sixth book will add more to his personal arc. It's a fun series and all the more fun for those who share Harvey's obvious love for the city. For all the negativity, that affection is clearly present and it is always fun to recognize places within its pages (this one features the Golden Nugget by our old loft!).
1271 So I have a pretty serious addiction to pens - from the pricey antique fountain pens, to the huge, cheap collections of various colors of gel pens/ball point pens - basically, you name a pen brand and I can wax on and on about how much I appreciate it. Uni-ball is a great maker of pens both for their quality of inks and their variety of colors. This new Air pen is crazy-cool - it says that it is a rollerball, but it writes like Penmate's Flair pens - the originals from the late 80s/early 90s. And yet, it is a more unique experience than that. The ink flows easily and it doesn't smudge. The three colors are vivid, but basic so I hope that they will make these in the huge packs with all the colors they offer in their other collections. I would love to add them to my hoard!
1272 What a fun follow-up to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Gates-A-Novel/dp/B0057D9Z2E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Gates: A Novel</a>! I really enjoyed reading this book! Who would have expected that a trip to Hell could be so entertaining? It really made for an exciting, even at times nerve-wracking, read. Connolly, an author who is so gifted in balancing his books, alleviates the anxiety he causes with a solid dash of humour and his wonderfully (and in the cases of the demons, surprisingly) real characters.  This book falls in the Young Adult market, and Connolly does a wonderful job of not only making the book appropriate for the genre, but with rich vocabulary and excellent writing style, it is engaging for adult audiences as well. With the "chatty" narrative style, this book quickly draws in readers and has left me wishing for a third installment!
1273 After watching the movie _2012_ today, I was definitely in the mood to read this sort of disaster-novel. And it certainly was entertaining! A fast and fun read, it had a lot of cinematic qualities, but was, unfortunately, a bit light on the explanations.... Though, I suppose that was part of what made it seem like such a believable book. The ending was pretty loose, but I don't know that there could have been a better way to end it. Still, it was a fun read and I would certainly read another book by Morris - he has a talent for both pacing and characters, that's for sure!
1274 This is a disappointing read. The premise is intriguing enough, I suppose - and there are elements of all the typical trilogy success, including the standard setting up of love triangles - but theres no way to form any real connections with these shallowly drawn characters. The setting is poorly defined in time - the magic has, I guess, a necessary mystique to it, but the rules feel arbitrary and the conflict feels like a phone call could resolve the whole thing. The motivations of Quin, in particular, are too vaguely drawn. And John and Shinobu aren't much deeper (and the real mystery is why either of these boys are sooo in looove with her...). The other storyline - that of the Dreads - is more interesting, but it too has too many gaps for this to be remotely satisfying. The blurb claims that this will soon be a movie, but I hope more work goes into the screenplay to develop these characters and make this more sensical and entertaining. Honestly, I wish that I had set this one aside unfinished.
1275 Oh, I think is my very favorite fantasy series - if not my very favorite set of books altogether! I just love it so much! It still makes me laugh and cry even after all these years of re-reading it! It is such a darkly beautiful story. And I am looking forward to the newest addition, though I have a bit more re-reading to do before I will be reading that! As for this omnibus edition itself, this was my first time reading it here and I must say, it had one major plus of containing the whole trilogy in one place. But, that one place made for a rather awkward and heavy volume that was rather uncomfortable to carry around or curl up with. I think that my mass market copies are superior for comfort, though I am not sure how many more re-readings they can make it through!
1276 This is a fun-to-read memoir! The premise of a St. Louis professional and writer and his partner uprooting their lives to move to rural Michigan certainly provides a lot of comedic fodder. Rouse balances the hilarity (and frivolity) with his use of Thoreau's Walden as a guide to adapting to country living and embracing a new lifestyle. Through the Walden frame, Rouse touches on bigger issues like relationships, religion, pet ownership, following your dreams - but still manages to include detailed descriptions of each of his fashion choices.  There are several laugh-out-loud sections here (my favorite involving a rousing game of Candyland). Rouse's tone feels both lively and intimate. It's easy to imagine sitting across from him at a fancy coffeehouse and hearing him relate his stories in the same exact manner. Similar to many other modern essayists, Rouse's writing is reminiscent of David Sedaris. But with more fashion sense and a sort of sparkling flair. Luckily, he lacks the angry and bitter undertones of Augsten Burroughs which makes this a lovely and entertaining read.  The Walden theme really centralizes this memoir. Unfortunately there are a few repetitive turns-of-phrase that work against it. The repetition makes this a less fluid read and more of a collection of essays than a completely cohesive memoir. I am definitely intrigued by Rouse's skill with words, though, and I definitely plan on checking out his other books.
1277 Ive read and enjoyed a few of Centers books over the years, so I always keep an eye out for her latest books. This one opens up engagingly with Helen Carpenter, heading to a three-week wilderness survival experience to kickstart her life after her divorce a year earlier. But from the start, her carefully laid plans begin to fall apart. Her younger brother proves himself too irresponsible to care for her dog and on top of this, her brothers best friend and roommate begs a ride along with her out to Wyoming - he too will be on this course.  Sparks of irritation begin to fly in a different direction, but even those throw Helen further off her plan. Through it all, though, she does emerge as a changed person from her trip - and in getting to know Jake she better understands her own brother and even herself. Its a very absorbing read and each of the characters truly come to life - so much so that I really wish Center offered more details on the what-happens-next... I just wasn't ready to say good-bye to any of these characters! Amongst the laughter and tear-inducing scenes, Center strikes some surprisingly profound chords too - I especially like this line: Happiness is more about appreciation than acquisition. Its an emotional read, but a satisfying one, too, and I will continue to keep an eye out for more of her books, thats for sure!
1278 Paige Mahoney is a dreamwalker - a rare type of clairvoyant in Shannon's alternate version of the world. In 2059, those talented with extrasensory perception are called unnaturals - ruthlessly hunted by authorities for their otherworldly talents. When Paige falls into enemy hands - away from the safety net of her criminal, clairvoyant gang - new complexities to her world and society become apparent. Shannon's setting certainly represents a creative and unique backdrop for her lively characters. The book feels a bit reminiscent of some other, popular recent landmark fiction. The futuristic aspect - along with Paige's grit and good heart - bring to mind Suzanne Collins'&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Hunger-Games-Trilogy-Boxset/dp/0545626382/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Hunger Games Trilogy Boxset</a>&nbsp;trilogy. The subtle romance adds to this YA quality (along with the youth of the narrator), but the elaborate intricacies of the landscape and society may prove challenging to younger readers.  The strength of the plot (along with a handy chart and a glossary for navigating the steampunk-esque 19th century slang) and its action-packed nature, though, quickly sucks you into Shannon's universe. The characters, while plentiful, all have distinct qualities and the nature of the magic feels quite fresh and innovative. I am definitely curious to see where the next six novels in the series will go - this is an impressive debut and certainly a thrilling start to a series! I hope the wait isn't too long for the second book!
1279 This concluding segment of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Sweet-Life-The-Serial-Sweet-Valley-Confidential/dp/1250023882/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Sweet Life: The Serial (Sweet Valley Confidential)</a>&nbsp;ties up the majority of the plot points. Yes, there are some predictable conclusions to be found here - after all, this is Sweet Valley - but there is plenty of excitement, too. And the ending! Wow - with an ending like that, it really feels like old times - though it would have been nice to have that bold, italicized text giving you the name of the next book! Still, I hope that information about the continuation of the series is released soon! Lila's portrayal is particularly harsh here  - she may have also been jealous and manipulative, but she was never this heartless or cold, so hopefully she will be represented in a warmer fashion in the future. Oh, and I guess Sweet Valley does still hate fat people after all, since as Lila put it, it would have been better to be a single mother than to be fat... So there's some consistency there, I suppose. Either way, I really enjoyed this nostalgic return to my childhood - and I can't wait for the series to go on and on!
1280 This was a unique and quite enjoyable read. I really liked it! The whole story - the life of a woman who died on the book's very first page - unraveled in an original fashion. It is very rare to get the entire story from only the perspective of what seemed like the whole town in the cast of characters. It reminded me of Joanne Harris's _Chocolat_ in the way gossip operated in the small town, the vast cast of characters and the mystery surrounding the central character. I think the translation was well done, but my one complaint, though relatively minor, is a similar problem that I have found in novels translated from Russian: the names of the characters tend to have certain recurring first names that is at first a bit bewildering. An additional note regarding the cast of characters might be added to improve any future reprints... The themes of justice and equality were well played throughout the entire novel and I agreed with the ends that many of the characters, who though at time seemed a bit exaggerated, met. This book had a strong cinematic flair to it as well - a flair that I would hope Hollywood sees, since this could make a lovely film.
1281 Marketed as the first book in a new mystery series, I eagerly picked this one up - I just love to have a new series to follow! Unfortunately, the writing style is well, clichd at times. And also just over the top with lines like there was no need to be so bitchy, but distress blanketed her heart like a smoldering fire. On the other side, the stereotypical southern California shallowness also shines through with lines like she lumbered out of the chair and hobbled on two thick ankles (though not to worry, later in the same section, the same woman is described as her heart was as deep as her ass was wide.). Its downright laughable, ridiculous and I admit that I had fun reading it for these eye-rolling moments alone. Its fun to hate it, to be honest. Also, at less than fifty pages in, I correctly guessed the killer  so the plot is hardly surprising, either. The perspective hops around heads unexpectedly and in general the book just feels unprofessional. It does move along quickly  which is probably the only reason why I bothered to finish it. And while this is open for a sequel, I certainly won't be picking this one up!
1282 This is a great more expanded sort of starter kitchen set! The aqua color runs more towards turquoise (it's more blue) and the bright white ceramic nonstick interior makes for a nice contrast. They are attractive, and lightweight pots and pans with three glass lids that are sure to not intimidate newer cooks. It also comes with a bonus of three large plastic utensils - a spoon, slotted spoon and spatula in black.  The little egg pan is adorable and the saucepan boils water very quickly! I like the feel of the handles, too - the All-Clad pans that my husband swears by are a bit intimidating with their metal handles. I think that this will make a nice replacement for some of our older nonstick pans - unfortunately nonstick pans don't have the longevity of the all metal pans!
1283 Oh, I really enjoyed this book! It was absolutely hilarious! The premise was very original and all in all, I enjoyed this romantic comedy. The whole Spam and cat food thing was particularly funny. It was a silly, fun book that definitely made me laugh out loud more than once! It certainly felt fresh and fun and I am so glad that the intriguing title led me to purchase this! What a fun, fun book!
1284 I've read nearly all of Ahlborn's previous books and this one definitely stands out as one of her best! It is her longest, but also her smoothest and definitely one of her creepiest. Jeff Halcomb is an incarcerated cult leader and murderer who stands as Lucas Graham's last hope to revitalize his struggling career as a true crime writer. His work isn't the only area in trouble, either, his wife is leaving him and his angtsy daughter is acting out, too. But the famously private Halcomb reaches out with an offer to tell Lucas the whole story - on the condition that Lucas lives in the house where Halcomb was arrested. Lucas leaps at this chance, and brings his daughter with him.  Parts of the plot move as expected, but the story is well-constructed and moves at a very fast-pace. It is an engaging and fun, creepy read. The ending may take some by surprise though it definitely will leave readers with a creepy feeling. I really like the way Ahlborn inserts other documents throughout - newspaper articles, police reports, etc - which add an authenticity to the overall eerie tone. The tension is well-maintained throughout and I am definitely looking forward to reading what she writes next!
1285 My husband replaced our showerhead right after we moved into the house, but I wasn't overly impressed with the resulting pressure  I prefer a more pelting sort of hard pressure (while he prefers the gentle rain like shower), and so we have since stopped sharing a shower. This is his showerhead  and he loves it! It gives the rain-like feel that he likes, and we have even seen this exact model in some hotels! Though the pressure is adjustable, I prefer my punishing showerhead to this one, though it certainly gets the job done!
1286 I have not read anything by this author before, but I have to say that this one is rather grimly engaging from its very first pages introducing the titular character. Nathan is definitely a damaged  and unreliable  narrator as he takes readers through his daily life. His Cape Town routine is thrown into chaos, though, when a terminally ill friend, begs his help in ending her life.  As the story unfolds, more questions about Nathan and his peculiarities arise, keeping the pages turning. Its a different sort of book and easy to see the same comparisons that the promotional quotes mention between it and Crime and Punishment. But, the ending section shifts the story a bit, taking this in a different direction and really making this a book that is completely engaging from start to finish. More of Nathans past begins to fill in more of the blanks and while some of this isn't unexpected, there are still some definite surprises to the plot. I did enjoy this one quite a bit despite it being a very dark story.
1287 Though the adage warns readers not to judge books by their covers, there should also be a warning about not basing expectations on titles! From the rather cutesy title, I really expected this book to be filled with more adorable anecdotes on animals. There were some of these stories, but just not the quantity that I expected. It was still an entertaining read, that was rather light on the neuroscience aspect that promised to give this book its own angle. The writing was quite clear, and easy to follow - breaking down more complex scientific ideas into simple language.  The most off-putting aspect of the whole book was that the authors chose to write about themselves in the third person. It was distracting and quite distancing. I feel like they could have incorporated this in a smoother fashion. Otherwise, the book was a relatively interesting read - it just wasn't as fascinating as I had expected it to be.
1288 This debut Young Adult novel and its premise of firestarter teen twins, Alice and Celia, is certainly attention-grabbing. My affinity for teen fiction featuring twins will never dissipate, I think, no matter how old I get! This book opens with a lethal fire and an escape from an Oregon mental institution... and though I had the plot twist figured out from almost the very first page (this actually goes into another guilty pleasure of mine in fiction!), it is a fast-paced read that I read in one sitting (it is nice to be proven right - though a little disappointing ultimately to have it figured out that early). It is an engaging read - and I also have a fondness for diary entries embedded within fiction. A few of the supporting characters provided a few surprises to the plot, but ultimately I suppose this book was too predictable to be completely enjoyable. It is definitely fast-paced, though...
1289 This is a strong follow-up to Abel's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/White-Plague-A-Joe-Rush-Novel/dp/0425276333/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">White Plague (A Joe Rush Novel)</a>. Though thrillers revolving around military heroes are not my favorite sub-genre of thriller, I really enjoy the Arctic setting and Abel does a good job of bringing the characters to life around more than their military careers. In this one, the medical angle comes at less of a surprise, which does make the first part of the book drag a bit, since it seems relatively obvious what disease is causing this problem, but the shocks delivered later on in the novel more than make up for any of the earlier predictability.  I hope that the series continues as these are both solid thrillers and I look forward to another cold-weather thriller! There isn't much of a build-up for a third novel set up here, but I think that will just give Abel more leeway to come up with more surprises!
1290 This one was exciting, though not as much so as the first book. Disappointingly, there were not many answers to the questions left hanging at the end of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Raising-Atlantis/dp/0743491912/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Raising Atlantis</a>. Of course, new questions were added and I must admit, the the third book looks a little slim to have so many answers! I am looking forward to reading it though. Mostly, this book reminded me of the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/National-Treasure/dp/B003QSPQ3O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">National Treasure</a>&nbsp;movies. All in all, this was an entertaining, though not enlightening, sequel.
1291 This case has a nice hand-feeling. It is sturdy enough for those like my husband, who tends to drop his phone at least once a day. The case has a nice look to it - especially with the back being translucent. I like that you can still see the metal parts on the back of the iPhone. It's nice to have a case that highlights the phone's design rather than completely covers it up.  My husband goes through phone cases like crazy (because of all the dropping), and this one has been on for about two weeks now and is holding up well. He told me just the other day that this is one of his favorite cases that he has had because it isn't too bulky, but still offers a fair amount of protection in the event of an accident. It's a good value for a great product!
1292 When I originally selected this book, I did so entirely based on its intriguing premise. But, after it arrived, I saw mention of Treadways earlier novel, Lacy Eye  a novel that I actually read  and enjoyed  about two years ago! Its always makes for a more pleasurable experience when you realize that you are already familiar with the author!  This latest novel of Treadways revolves around the Before and After events surrounding the discovery of a teenagers corpse. The high school senior, who had been missing, is quickly confirmed to be a murder victim which adds to the suspense. The perspectives around both parts of the 2009 timeline are diverse, but are united in the deceptions present in all of them  from the journal entries of the black art student accused of the crime, to the best friend and mother of the victim and along with the rescue diver/private investigator looking into the crime on the side. The varied voices and alternating timeline certainly works to keep the pacing quick, but the racially charged aspect of the plot feels a bit over-the-top and forced at times. This is the second book that I have read recently that have tried to include this similar method that just feels inauthentic, considering where it is originating. But, despite this angle of the novel, it is an interesting and page-turning read. And the plot is, ultimately, surprising.  Overall, I don't think it is as strong as her earlier novel, despite its compelling storyline. Many of the characters are unfortunately plainly unlikable. Though there is a sort of justice to it, it doesnt feel that satisfying. The writing is solid though, and the characters are interesting, so I would definitely read another of her books in the future.
1293 I don't quite recall how this book first caught my attention - but I imagine that it was not too long after I finished reading Stieg Larsson's books, eager to read more Swedish authors. This first book in the A-Unit series involves a string of serial murders but is largely more of a police-procedural type novel than true mystery. Dahl sprinkles in humour along with process (and even insight into the killer's own mind) in this smoothly translated debut novel. The cast of characters may at first prove a bit difficult to keep straight (especially if you are unaccustomed to Swedish names), but each character is quite distinct by the end of the novel. Hjelm is the hero, though, as the most developed of the characters (and by his own lauded reputation).  The plot unfolds a bit slowly at first, but its exciting conclusion and its insights into Swedish life makes this a promising beginning to a series. The sequel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bad-Blood-A-Crime-Novel-Intercrime/dp/B00BH0VSGM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bad Blood: A Crime Novel (Intercrime)</a>, is definitely on my to-read list! I hope the characters - as well as the humour - continues to run through the rest of the series.
1294 I really enjoyed this book - so much of what Leimbach described about dealing with having a child with a disability made me think while I was reading that she must have dealt with this on a personal level. And since the book cover didn't tell me, it wasn't until I read about it on Amazon that I realized that Daniel was based on her own autistic son. Which certainly explains how she really nailed the emotional frenzy accompanying such a diagnosis. It was a sad book, but really, probably eye-opening for those who have no real experience in dealing with autism, Fragile X Syndrome, or other developmental delays. I don't know how effective this play therapy would be in real life - I can certainly see it working for some kids, but the quick progress that Daniel made put the book firmly in fiction, based on everything that I have seen. Still, I don't know that you could really have a book be enjoyable with little progress made over a short time frame.  So, while this was my main complaint with the book, I understand that a book with a more realistic timeline for potty training, and speech would probably be a lot less readable for the targeted audience - those without a lot of knowledge of what it is like to suddenly have to deal with autism.  Anyhow, the best part of the novel, I thought was that in the end, the mother makes the right decision regarding her marriage. The author really did a terrific job of vilifying the husband - an understandable villain, I suppose, but a villain nonetheless. Still, this was a good, if rather sad book, that did a good job with a tough subject.
1295 I have heard good things about Pinboroughs writing for a few years now, and this book set during Jack the Rippers London (though it focuses on an entirely different set of horrific murders) is my first introduction to her writing. While the rest of London shrinks in fear (and some amount of titillation) of its first serial murderer, Jack the Ripper, dismembered victims from an entirely different killer begin to be pulled from the Thames. This other killer is even more disturbing - with his penchant for macabre souvenirs that are never recovered. Pinborough highlights a wide variety of perspectives - a doctor/coroner/profiler, a mystic refugee, an inspector, the victims themselves along with scattered newspaper accounts that vividly brings the city to life. She even manages to shed some light on a dark underbelly - the opium dens.  Unfortunately, the rather vast scope of the book slows the pacing down quite a bit. And it isn't until pretty far in the novel that these separate storylines actually begin to merge together. By this point, there is little actual mystery left and the book has taken a turn to the supernatural - a twist I that left me wanting something a bit more concrete with all of the other so evident historical research. It ultimately delivers few surprises and ends a bit disappointingly. The writing and research is very strong - if only Pinborough had left the supernatural aside! Its descriptions add an almost cartoonish feel to what is otherwise a quite engaging novel.
1296 This is an interesting and surprisingly fast-paced read. And it certainly has a clear, and very distinctly Irish voice. The entire novel really paints a portrait of this woman, Paula Spencer. It feels like Roddy Doyle had seen a photograph of this scarred, missing-toothed cleaning woman, who has somehow retained a sense of beauty - either past or present and then managed to capture her story. I guess that's what the entire book felt like to me - a photograph, but more than that - a window into someone's soul.  I am very interested in reading the sequel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Paula-Spencer/dp/0143112732/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Paula Spencer</a>, since it doesn't seem like a sequel would be necessary by the end of it. There were, of course, unanswered questions - why did Carmel hate her father so? What happened to Paula's older son? And perhaps those are the types of questions that will be addressed in the sequel... Either way, I am excited to find out!
1297 More exciting and dramatic than the first book in the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MEG-A-Novel-of-Deep-Terror/dp/1599551691/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MEG: A Novel of Deep Terror</a>, this second book still wasn't quite as exciting as I expected it to be from the hints in the third book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MEG-Primal-Waters/dp/0765347857/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MEG: Primal Waters</a>. So, I wouldn't recommend reading them out of order, because I don't think I would have been disappointed at all had I just read the books in order. I do hope that the series continues into a fourth volume. It is a lot of shark-filled fun! And a wonderful summer read!
1298 I cant hardly believe that at eight years old, my ACD is technically a senior dog he still clowns around like a puppy and gets into plenty of mischief. About the only thing that has changed is that he actually sleeps now. I had never before seen a dog fight to stay awake so much  bobbing his head and desperate to never miss a minute! But over the last few years, we have started giving him hip and joint supplements. These jerky treats though are some of his favorites  so much so that he actually got into some fresh mischief to retrieve these from his spot on the counter! As a larger dog, it was ok that he polished off the last two treats in the bag, but I have to say this was a first for him. We have kept his treats in the same area of the kitchen for years, and this was the first time that he has enjoyed a treat enough to actually finish the bag himself! I am not sure that there is a better advertisement for the taste! And it also speaks to the working hip/joint since jumping was involved!
1299 Olive wood makes for a lovely and useful wooden spoon, and this smaller spoon (only 7 1/2") is sure to come in handy. We have a few larger olive wood spoons that we use frequently - though you have to keep in mind that these should be handwashed only, and not put into the dishwasher. When cared for correctly, these spoons can last a much longer time than the typical wooden spoon, and are more delicate on your cookware while still being effective!
1300 My husband is a fan of tools and so he was excited to try these out to carve out our initials and the date on the brand new deck that be built in our backyard. He said they are sharp, and a good value for the price. There are surely chisel sets out there that are more versatile and of a higher quality, but these definitely met our needs. I am not sure how many other projects they will come in handy for, but it was great seeing them used right away to create an "artist's" signature on the deck that he is so proud of!
1301 Since I first heard of this book, I really wanted to read it - and then when I found out that the audio version would feature not only Cary Elwes performance, but many of the other actors, directors and producers directly, I knew that I wanted to listen to it instead! I even bought a copy of this as part of my moms Christmas present since I knew she would want to listen as well. Its such a fun listen with tons of fun and fascinating anecdotes about the making of the film and its bumpy road to the big screen and its surprising success on the small screen. Its a happy read (though there are definitely some bittersweet moments - especially when discussing those cast members who have since passed) and like the movie itself, this is one audiobook that I can easily envision listening to again and again. It moves quickly and its just wonderful to have the inclusion of the other voices to chime in on Elwes own memories - it is so nice to see that the film holds just as special of a place in the memories of its makers as it does in the hearts of its fans. Its a terrific film and this book makes for the perfect companion to it!
1302 This YA Fantasy is an entertaining blend between a more traditional fantasy (there are Houses, societies, unique landscapes and a different variety of magic) mixed with the more modern, dystopian angle (failed reproduction for the elite Houses, a rebellion brewing). This blend does breathe fresh light into a story that otherwise will feel familiar to readers. The book opens with Violet, a surrogate, on the day before she is to be taken to be auctioned to a House to provide them with children. There is plenty of drama here, between Violet's relationships and her navigation of her new life. It's a fast-paced and easy read and with its pregnancy angle, manages to be age-appropriate for the older-end of the YA market. The ending, however, is a genuine cliffhanger and one that will leave readers anxious for the next installment of the series. The political landscape adds an interesting dimension to the story and the romance, though expected, does not feel overly trite. It's a strong debut, and though it is not entirely unique, there are enough fresh elements here that makes this a genuinely fun read!
1303 Animal-based thrillers always make for exciting books, and this tale of giant bats loose and killing the people of New York City is no exception! Making this a fast-paced thriller and thoroughly enjoyable read! Fans of Steve Alten's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MEG-A-Novel-of-Deep-Terror/dp/1599551691/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MEG: A Novel of Deep Terror</a>&nbsp;may really have a fun time reading this air/land based creature-feature novel. The characters are likable, and even if it isn't the most unpredictable book I've ever read it, it remains entertaining and not a completely cliched story. The book's conclusion borders on the ridiculous, though (unless a sequel is planned, but it's been over a decade since this was first published, so that seems unlikely) and accordingly, some of the technology is rather distinctly dated (no cell phones, the use of pagers, and email being typed as "E-mail"). The edition that I have states that the movie rights were sold, but the interim years between then and now, I have been unable to find any confirmation of a movie filmed, but I must admit, I would rent it if it existed, because it is a fast and fun read and would certainly make a fun summer thriller.
1304 This is the second novel in Harris' series set in Midnight, Texas, the sequel to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Midnight-Crossroad-Midnight-Texas/dp/0425263150/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Midnight Crossroad (Midnight, Texas)</a>&nbsp;which is a sort of spin-off from her explosively popular Sookie Stackhouse series. Rather than focusing on Bon Temps, this is set in a one-stoplight town: Midnight, Texas. This sequel is careful to not give too much away about the plot of the first installment but there are still enough clues that I would recommend reading these in order. Some of the mysteries about the characters that are revealed in the first book are needlessly kept clouded here. And unlike the first book which doesn't include as blatant of ties to the Sookie books, this one is more what I would expect from a spin-off. It has a generally light tone and plot which helps the book move along at a quick pace. More is revealed about Midnight's residents and some interesting new questions arise which makes me very curious to see where the series will go next. I actually like this one a lot better than the first one because of the faster pacing and the more condensed exposition. I also like the tighter connections to the Sookie books. This one is really everything I had hoped the first book would be.
1305 Wow - talk about a slow read! The tale of "Sleeping Beauty" is one of my very favorites, so I picked this up with great enthusiasm. Unfortunately, this re-telling failed to capture the magic part of a fairy tale retelling. I just didn't enjoy it at all. Maybe it was a case of high expectations making it seem worse than it was... McKinley definitely displayed some originality in the story itself, but overall, it was the style was that spoiled the book. No actual action took place at all... And the verb tenses were almost all passive, making the novel all just "telling", resulting in a  very slow-going and boring book! What a disappointment! I have enjoyed McKinley's books in the past, but this really isn't a good example of her talent!
1306 Wow! I absolutely adored this book. The description caught my eye originally because it made it seem as though the whole book took place in Rogers Park. While initially I was surprised and rather disappointed that this was not the case, I got swept up in the rich and beautifully written story. With its myriad of characters - from old to young, many different races, sexualities and religions, the true main character is Chicago itself. And the author completely captured it - it was more than just mentioning places, he managed to capture a sense of home within this book. I loved it. Following the timeline of just one year, was great but I did not want it to end. I can't wait to read anything else he has written - though I think this will be a tough act to out-do.
1307 It took me a little bit of time, but I finally tracked down the first two books in the MEG series. The series opened with this exciting volume. And though it wasn't quite as thrilling for me (I really recommend reading these books in order!) because of where I started in the series, it was still a lot of fun. It was a fast read, with plenty of shark action. I can't wait to tear into the next volume in the series!
1308 If a book's premise includes a mention of twins, it is almost guaranteed that I will read it at some point (thanks to young exposure to Sweet Valley, hahaha). But, more than truly about twins, this is a book about grief, mixed with some magical realism. It makes for an interesting read that though the pacing doesn't always remain consistent, is interesting enough that even the slower parts keeps you turning the pages. It's definitely a unique book - despite using some common themes across literature, which keeps it feeling very fresh. I am interested to see what Gurley will follow this one up with!
1309 This is another one that I didn't initially like all that much. Not that it's bad, but when I first read it, I didn't enjoy it as much as her others and now I think it is closer to the first book that she wrote - the kind that grows on you after reading it several times.  Mostly, I have a hard time identifying with any of the characters - it's mostly about these three couples, albeit only five people. It's mostly about love - and I still don't identify with any of them, which is probably why I initially have never cared as much for this one.  I think that the main similarity between this and her first, is that they deal with adultery and the strength of the original couple, despite this mythical romance that she built up for the other (cheating) couples. I guess that is why these books just don't seem right to me. Maybe she has a more real-world view of adultery than I do, but still...  On another note, this book sets up the way the majority of her other novels go - a type of journal sporadic throughout (with it initially unclear as to who the speaker is), followed by the drama of a court case.
1310 This is a solidly entertaining serial killer thriller. Though Cannell spent the bulk of his career writing for television, that experience really shows in the cinematic quality this novel exudes. Even the cover claims it will soon be a major motion picture. Unfortunately, I have been unable to find any evidence that a film version ever moved into production. Still, it is easy to see why it had been optioned. Yes, there are some problems with the writing itself (abrupt shifts in perspective and an introduction that drags for about a hundred pages), but once the story itself starts to come together, it becomes quite thrilling. The plot takes a few predictable turns, the romance angle is unfortunate, but the grotesque villain and the genuine scares along the way even the balance somewhat.  Perhaps most entertainingly, however, is the emphasis on technology in this 1996 release. This book really serves as something of a time capsule since the research seems quite solid into `90s Internet hacking, and even the legal/criminal aspects of the story. Sure, the hacking may border on the comical for the 2013 reader, but it is fun to see its effects be put to frightening use (and recognize their uses in more current films - especially the scene with the traffic cameras). Still, the threats of computer crimes takes on a frightening light here. And though the romance does fall flat, the characters are actually more developed than I expected. It's an entertaining book, though I imagine reading it seventeen years ago that the book had a greater impact with all of its modernity - from the computer lingo and its use of different fonts. All in all, it is a fun read.
1311 I think that this seventh installment in the Chronicles of Elantra series just may be my favorite yet (though I know that I have said that about several of the earlier volumes...)! In the tradtion of the series, this one picks up immediately where&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cast-in-Chaos-Chronicles-of-Elantra-Book-6/dp/0373803192/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cast in Chaos (Chronicles of Elantra, Book 6)</a>&nbsp;left off. The refugees, or the Norannir, are becoming settled in Tiamaris' fief, but are not yet quite at home. The Shadows continue to plague the fief - and an oddity of seven identical corpses have been discovered that Kaylin and Severn must investigate. It is an exciting book that sheds more light on the Norannir, but also on Dragons - plus, in the midst of all this, Kaylin's dreaded etiquette classes begin so that she may one day meet the Emperor in safety.  More, too, emerges in regards to Kaylin's personal relationships (with more welcome foundations to the set up of the slowest moving love-triangle I have ever read about!) and the seeds of later plots (an invitation from Nightshade to travel to the West March, Kaylin's continued care of the mysterious egg and her new roommate) emerge which seem to shift the series away from its earlier foundations in that this is becoming more traditional in the sense that it cannot be picked up at any point in the series. And as such, I am as anxious as ever to continue reading this wonderful series!
1312 This debut novel is a relatively simple story, really, set in World War II. Peter Faber is a German soldier who marries a complete stranger by proxy in exchange for a weeks respite from the bitter Russian front. Katharina and her family, in Berlin, are more connected to the higher ranking Nazi Party officials through Katharinas father. Their honeymoon is extended a bit before Peter must return to the war, and he leaves his new wife pregnant. But, this is far from a love story. As the war progresses, circumstances change quite a bit for the couple, though they write letters of love to stay as connected as they can.  Well-researched, Magees rather sparse style hides none of the violence and horror of the war - both on the Russian front and then later, the sieged Berlin. Magee makes no allowances for her German characters and never seems to strive to make them more sympathetic. Katharina and her family (at first) prosper from their association with the Party and even Peter, once a schoolteacher, falls for the Party lines. The novel rings with authenticity in capturing the plummet from patriotic optimism to crushing defeat. And it is this realism that makes this a depressing, though fast-paced, read. I have read countless novels set during this time period, but few have taken such an unflinching perspective. It is well done and I look forward to seeing what Magee will write next.
1313 Following up her second set of essays,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Autobiography-of-a-Fat-Bride-True-Tales-of-a-Pretend-Adulthood/dp/037576092X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Autobiography of a Fat Bride: True Tales of a Pretend Adulthood</a>, Notaro has found a nice rhythm for her essay collections. This is a funny collection - with some genuine, burst into loud laughter sections. "The Sims" essay in particular stands out. This collection, though, touches on some personal issues, giving the collection a more memoir-feel as Notaro discusses her choice to not have children, her first book deal. Her second book, though it does deal with some family issues, stays on a more superficial level. After three collections of essays, some of the jokes begin to border on redundant, too. This is definitely a fun read, but I am hoping that her fourth book will return to a more light-hearted and funny feel.
1314 This debut novel, set in Australia, opens with a destitute young woman held for shoplifting in a grocery store. Desperate to not go to jail  or to give her real name to police  she instead recalls a news feature that she had seen about a young girl who had gone missing in 2003 and claims to be her. The book then alternates to offer the real timeline leading up to the girls disappearance. And with a hook like that, it is easy to read this novel in just one sitting! Its a thoroughly enjoyable read with an ominous tension in both the past and present timelines. These two storylines give the overall book a sort of adult and young adult mash-up feel, as the 2003 chapters are from Becs teenage perspective. And the nameless narrator can be a bit chilling all on her own, too but, as the book moves towards its climax, it is easy to find yourself rooting for her as well! The plot holds some genuine surprises here and I definitely plan to continue to keep an eye out for what comes next from this talented new writer!
1315 I love how by coincidence unrelated novels can sometimes flow together so perfectly. The cult here ties nicely with the last book that I read, Chevy Steven's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Always-Watching/dp/0312595697/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Always Watching</a>. Though brief (just over 200 pages), this is both a strange and fascinating novel. Raised in an End-of-the-World-is-Coming cult in Montana, Francine now lives with her husband, Wells, in Montana. When a neighborhood girl is kidnapped, Francine's childhood best friend, Colville suddenly arrives. Broken into Francine's direct recollections and Wells and Colville's present, the book unfolds in an engaging manner. Life in the cult is presented simply, with plenty of room for the reader's own imagination to fill in the holes left in the plot and Francine's memories. THis makes it a not entirely satisfying read, but a very well-written one. Personally, I prefer to have a bit more of a concrete plot and though the book's description states that this is inspired by true events, even that connection is not fully explained in an author's note or any other addendum. However, it is a very interesting book and one that I think that would do well in book clubs or classrooms as it would certainly evoke some lively discussions.
1316 This is my first foray into MacBride's mysteries and writing, and I absolutely loved the experience! MacBride writes so vividly - covering not only the visuals, the sounds, authentic dialogue (with accents!), but even the smells (many of them quite foul). Every scene really springs to life off the page! It is so easy to become immersed in it, immune to your own surroundings as you become swept up into the characters and the horrific actions of the serial killer with the moniker "Birthday Boy." The main character, Ash Henderson is something of an anti-hero. Despite his often poor decision making, he is a sympathetic character and even becomes quite likable at times. The plot unfolds here in mostly unpredictable ways (though I must admit that the concluding twists are not completely unexpected). Still, the book's flaws are easy to overlook. The book exudes authenticity. And the dialogue and relationship between Ash and Alice, the young psychologist add brief respites of humour in the midst of the dark plot. It's a sad, horrific story, but such a gripping read! MacBride is a talented writer and I can't wait to read his even more highly acclaimed Logan McRae series.
1317 This is an enjoyable, pleasant read revolving around genuinely good characters and one quite remarkable dog. Told in alternating perspectives - Pax, the German Shepherd-mix, Rick, the ballplayer, Francesca his wife, and Keller, a young man turning his life around - that Wilson manages to balance quite well, this is an entertaining read. Pax's voice may not be the most convincing canine voice, but he is certainly a lovable character. With a WWII backdrop, each characters "does their part" for the war effort - even Pax joins up!  The latter half of the novel revolves around the aftermath of the war. None of the characters are the same after their experiences and their love of Pax binds them to each other. It is a touching story and though it may evoke some tears, overall, it's an uplifting story. The verb tense flits about a little, but otherwise, it's an engrossing and fast-paced novel. I have only read one of Wilson's other novels,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/One-Good-Dog/dp/0312662955/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">One Good Dog</a>, but this one feels a lot more memorable. The details of the historical setting really adds to the storyline and it feels well-researched. I look forward to Wilson's next dogcentric novel!
1318 I loved this book! It was a fun chick lit book that contained some absolutely hilarious, laugh out loud scenes, Crane also included a lot of music references which only added to the pleasure of reading this book. I have read her other novel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stupid-and-Contagious/dp/0446695726/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stupid and Contagious</a>&nbsp;and enjoyed this one just as much! There are some rumours circulating that this will be made into a movie - so I am quite excited about that! I think it would translate really well from novel format to the big scren. Plus, I also recently learned that Crane has Hollywood connections all on her own - her mother is the actress who played "Ginger" on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gilligan-s-Island-Complete-Series-Collection/dp/B0050MB5AC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gilligan's Island: Complete Series Collection</a>! So I hope those connections results in a film version soon! But I don't want Crane to lose sight of novels - I am already looking forward to a third one!
1319 This audiobook is definitely the most star-studded one that I have ever listened to! From Martin Scorsese to F. Murray Abraham, each voice in this oral history sounds familiar - and in a way, it is a bit distracting - especially while driving and trying to listen and look up online just whos voice is speaking. But, once the mystery of the identity is solved (some of the voices are instantly recognizable like Carl Reiner and Alan Alda), though  it is easy to become absorbed in this history of the zombie apocalypse.  I have been hearing good things about this book for a long time - but though I own a printed copy, I am actually really glad that I listened to it first! It is such a fun experience to listen to this surprisingly global view on the history of the war of the zombies. Brooks offers a surprisingly full story. Its a moving story in parts (the dog chapter really made me cry!) and is completely riveting. And because of the strength of the performances, this is one audiobook that I imagine that I will listen to again. Zombies may not be my favorite subgenre, but this is one of the better zombie books that I have experienced!
1320 In our last home, we had a a surround-sound theatre set-up. When we moved, we left our surround-sound, wall-mount speakers in the basement. But, it was obvious that my husband missed the more powerful sound that exterior sound-systems provide above and beyond the speakers within the television. So, when these arrived, I was shocked at how quickly my husband set these up. Our old system involved setting up a microphone to make sure the sound was balanced, and just excessive programming - it took hours to set up the first time, and any time anything was changed, it took a while to make those changes. This system is intuitive to set up and use. It literally took longer to get it out of the packaging than it did to set up.  They sound terrific and the timing is amazingly on considering the wireless component. The subwoofer has a separate volume control, which I appreciate because my husband enjoys a heavier base sound when using these for music (it connects via bluetooth - also easy to set up). The only real downside to this is the remote. The remote is so very small that it is easy to misplace! Plus, it does not have an easy mute button, which is frustrating when using this with the television - we have to get used to pausing the TV instead of muting it! Otherwise this is a great speaker set - and it looks really nice, too.
1321 The fourth installment in Harvey's Chicago-set Michael Kelly series starts up almost immediately after the events in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Third-Rail-Vintage-Crime-Black-Lizard/dp/0307946584/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Third Rail (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)</a>. And though the plot initially seems connected, it is actually surprisingly separate. Like the mass terror in the previous novel, this biological hazard-based plot is quite terrifying - even more so when living in Chicago! Harvey widens his perspective of the city, with its first real focus into non-Northside locales. The pacing is even faster than normal, giving the ending an almost rushed feeling.  Despite its frightening storyline, this is probably my least favorite book in the series. The plot leaves a lot more loose ends and has a much messier feel to it than some of the more neatly complex plots. The personal relationships between Kelly and others devolve here, too, and the book lacks those moments of humour that breaks up the tension so perfectly. The shifting perspective, though it does allow for more of Chicago to be captured, softens the focus of the novel too much and doesn't benefit the overall plotline enough. This novel approaches sloppy when compared to some of Harvey's other novels. Still, I plan on continuing with the series - it is a dark, but entertaining series and it adds to the fun to see Chicago captured so well (though it sort of bothered me that this book mentions the Daley center - in Harvey's Chicago, it hardly seems possible to have had a real Daley...).
1322 So comfy and soft!!! I love them! They are pretty long but can be pulled up and are just the most comfortable leggings I own!!
1323 This YA novel stands out with a unique premise - our heroine, Vee, has been diagnosed as narcoleptic - but during her "sleeping spells" she is not really sleeping. Instead she is "sliding" into the consciousness of those around her, experiencing the world through their eyes and letting her see some of their secret moments. Despite seeing some dark secrets, like teachers slipping drinks before class, her experiences pale when she sees one of her sister's best friends getting murdered.  With an exciting plot, a narrator with a strong and realistic style, and fast-pacing, Hathaway has created a novel that is nearly impossible put down. Astute readers may be able to correctly guess some of the plot's turns, but it is still a very entertaining and fun novel. And though it certainly works as a standalone novel, I am quite excited to learn that a sequel will be published in March 2013! I'm already looking forward to it!
1324 This audiobook really is the perfect Halloween listen! Though clocking in at over 16 hours, the story is perhaps a bit overly long - but the special effects in the recording really add to the fun. The first appearance of the demonic voice in the prologue nearly made me drive off the road! It certainly adds to the spooky atmosphere! Literal goosebumps sprang up each time that scary voice came out of the speakers! The narration and even the overly detailed backstories amongst its large cast of characters really made me want to keep listening each time I arrived at my destination.  The only detracting factor from the book lies with its length - it really is too long. A lot of the tension and eeriness dissipates as Golemon revels in the excessive details of the characters, their histories and their own conflicts unrelated to the spooky house. The eight-hour television special defies logic too - but a haunted house manor calls for a certain suspension of disbelief anyways. I think that this is perhaps more evident in the paper version - the terrific performance of the narrator in the audio version keeps it from dragging too much. And though the final resolution may offend some, it is a fun read overall and contains some genuinely frightening scenes. The book concludes with a set up for a sequel - I hope that it comes out in time for Halloween next year!
1325 While ancient mysteries, lost continents and an ocean setting usually combine to create thrillers that I can't put down - this unfortunately, was a bit hokier than the other books that I have read by James Rollins. Usually he does weave in an extraordinary element, but with ties to make it at least somewhat plausible. The ending, in particular, of this novel, completely fell apart for me. It completely fell outside the realm of possibility and just was too ridiculous in the way he tied everything together.  However, the characters and overall premise are solidly constructed. It still is a fast and fun read - just not an example of Rollins' finest work. Also, this one includes more of a military and political slant that is less pronounced in his other adventure-thrillers.
1326 Wow - I just loved this rather epic family drama! Hyland really did a wonderful job! The novel spanned decades in under 500 pages, but maintained a surprisingly fast pace while also not leaving too much disappointment at the years glossed over. And the characters - even when making bad decisions - remained not only sympathetic, but downright likable! The plot took some surprising turns, too - making the book difficult to put down. It really evoked a large emotional response, too - from out loud gasps, to a few giggles and even some tears. I really had a fun time reading it, and really feeling like I got to know these well-developed characters. The Hollywood angle added to the overall cinematic quality that the book had with its strong sense of scene, costume and character. I definitely want to keep an eye out for Hyland's debut novel (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Daughters-of-Fortune/dp/1847376967/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Daughters of Fortune</a>)- and will be keeping my fingers crossed that a third novel hits the shelves soon!
1327 To be honest, I read this book for the first time quite a long time ago. I recalled enjoying it, but nothing more - and when I stumbled across the third book in this Halfblood Chronicles series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Elvenborn-Halfblood-Chronicles-Book-3/dp/B000B8K7G8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Elvenborn (Halfblood Chronicles, Book 3)</a>, I decided that I would re-read the series. And it did make for a very good re-read. The characters are all engaging. I have been a fan of Lackey's fast-paced and emotional style since I was a lot younger, so reading this - though it isn't a Valdemar novel - just lifted my mood. I did, however, do some research on the series, and I learned that Andre Norton has sadly passed away. And that a fourth book was planned, so I am a little nervous that the reading experience as a whole will be disappointing since it seems the series is unfinished, and will remain so. I hope this isn't the case, since these books didn't come out terribly closely together, but my overall excitement when I first (re)started the series is lessened.
1328 This is the first novel of Buxbaum's that I have read and I must say that I enjoyed it much more than I expected! I don't take many chances on Young Adult novels that are set mainly in a school setting, but I am glad that I did for this one! Right from the very beginning, this is a engaging read. Jessie is in a new school - adapting to life after her mother's death and living with her father and his wife and stepbrother. Sent to a snooty school, Jessie is being helped, though, in adapting by an anonymous helper "SN" - and a lot of the book is in their digital conversations, which adds to the fun. It's a straightforward story, but a fun one - though emotional at times, too, especially with Jessie's difficulties in adjusting and her grief. It has some surprisingly funny parts, too. The mystery is well maintained, too, for the identity of her helper. And though this would fall into the teen romance category, it actually isn't one that made me roll my eyes or think that it was too much. It's really well done and the characters all feel very genuine. And I think that I will be adding Buxbaum's name to my "Authors to Watch Out For" list!
1329 Set in a small town, filled with charmingly idiosyncratic characters, this book is a lot of fun to read. The characters feel like real people - albeit lonely ones. But with a fresh arrival to "re-energize" the community and some shocking news arriving to shake up professor Tom's already imbalanced life, the book quickly becomes more than just a character study. It's written in an easy style - and I wish that I had an audio version of this one - I imagine that it would be all the more charming to listen to this one.  The relationships between the characters shine with realism and though there is plenty here to be heartbroken about, the plot and characters move with a surprising lightness and warmth. It may be cliched to call this a feel-good novel, but at its heart, that is what it truly is. This is my first encounter with Woodroof's writing, and I dare say that it will not be my last! I really think that this is a great, fast paced read that takes a few predictable turns, but includes a few genuine surprises as well!
1330 A fluffy, chick lit book in the same vein as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bridget-Jones-s-Diary/dp/B000JGQRPC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bridget Jones's Diary</a>&nbsp;(right down the last name!) about love, weightloss (and gain) and the typical chick-lit fare. All in all, it was fun, but in an odd writing style, switching from first, to second, to third person P.O.V. willy-nilly. This really grated on my nerves and detracted from the rather lighthearted story. I have read a few of her other books in the past, and didn't recall this as an issue... This just wouldn't be my go-to choice for a light, romantic novel.
1331 This first book in the Dr. Sam Owens series is a spin-off of Ellison's Taylor Jackson series. Sam is Taylor's best friend, and now the medical examiner is the heroine of her own series. It has a distinctly different style and flavor than the Jackson books - of all of those novels, it is stylistically the most similar to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Where-All-the-Dead-Lie-Taylor-Jackson/dp/0778312682/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Where All the Dead Lie (Taylor Jackson)</a>. This too is a more character-driven, internal-battle sort of thriller. Though there is plenty of external conflict as well. Sam receives a phone call from her med school boyfriend's mother requesting that she act as a second set of eyes on her son's autopsy. As Sam flies to Washington D.C. she is soon swept up into a world of Army intrigue and a string of murders.  The pacing is not quite as breakneck as some of the Taylor Jackson books, but Sam is certainly a likable character. The romance element feels a bit forced here - particularly at the end. It is a bit of a tearjerker, though, and it is disappointingly devoid of details about Taylor and the traumatic events in Nashville years prior. Still, the plot holds plenty of surprises and I am curious to see where this series will go.
1332 I enjoyed this novel a lot more than I expected to! The characters were extremely well drawn and really felt like living, breathing people. This greatly added to their relatability. At its heart, the story of a deep friendship filled this book - but without ever becoming sappy or overly sentimental. It was an emotional read though - I teared up a few times, but I never felt manipulated into empathizing with these three-dimensional characters. The plot - even with its tear-jerking moments - never once felt contrived. The book flowed organically and at a surprisingly fast pace.  In its saddest moments, the strength of the friendship buoyed up the book so it never crossed the line into being a depressing read. It was a sweet and sad read, but quite enjoyable. After finishing it, I knew that I had to pass on my copy to a friend to share!
1333 This was certainly a fast and entertaining read. But, overall, I felt rather unsatisfied with the ending. The resolution felt rushed, and that so much of the build-up went wasted. In addition, there weren't really enough "clues" leading up to the conclusion, and it felt a bit like that aspect should have been researched a bit more. Had I read Turn of the Screw along with this, maybe it would have felt more complete, but as a standalone novel, I never really connected with any of the characters. And Jamie's actions were overall rather shocking to me, not to mention off-putting.
1334 This is a great little area rug! We have placed it in front of our front door and it looks great! The photos don't do the colors in the rug justice- it isn't as washed out looking as it seems. There's a bit more blue than I expected. The rug comes rolled up so it curls a bit - so I'm weighing it down with books for now. The pile is surprisingly thick and its a very nice quality. Made in Turkey, it's a terrific addition to our interior decor!
1335 I have a softspot for first novels - and Choo's debut novel has an intriguing premise set in an exotic locale and place in history. Set in Malacca (Malaysia) in 1893, Choo brings together a fascinating spectrum of historical, cultural and mythological detail into her novel. The first-person perspective works, though there are some distracting and rough transitions between verb tenses at times which clash with the otherwise lovely prose. The book has a fairy-tale-like feel. It reminds me a bit of Catherynne M. Valente's writing, actually.  The pacing starts off at a bit of a protracted pace, but the intricate details provide a pleasant experience. By the second section, the pacing picks up quite a bit - and by the third - well, the book becomes impossible to put down! Though the plot does take a few predictable turns, there are plenty of surprises as well! It is a thoroughly enjoyable read! Choo blends together folklore, superstition and religion seamlessly into the story. And she does it so those unfamiliar with the culture have details effortlessly explained without sections of dull "information dumping".  The magic and mystery makes this a lively, lovely and fascinating read. And the ending seems to create the perfect segway for a sequel! I certainly hope one is planned. I am not ready to say goodbye to these wonderful characters yet! It seems like more adventures are in store for them and I hope the wait isn't long to get to see what happens next!!
1336 I really had a difficult time setting this book aside! I stayed up much too late to finish it, and what made me feel completely silly for doing so, was that I had actually correctly guessed the plot's mysteries rather early on. So, it was hard to say just what it was that kept me so riveted to the pages. I did like the new characters introduced in this fourth installment of the series and the series regulars, Simon and Charlie, continued to frustrate with me their relationship. As of the moment, there is only one more book in the Spilling CID series, so I do hope that their relationship improves in it!
1337 Though two of OBriens earlier books are languishing in my TBR pile, this is my first experience with his writing  and I am so excited that it won't be my last! I really enjoyed this thriller that at times dips into the horror genre not in a supernatural way, but the straight-up spookiness of the villains will make you want to read with all of the lights on. And the book is well-plotted, holding some genuine surprises! Its on the surface, almost a haunted house novel about a cursed residence that first claimed its first victim in 1992, but its also about a serial killer stalking the Oregon and Washington high school swim teams. With varied perspectives, plenty of action and tons of surprises, this one is genuinely impossible to put down! I really loved reading it and am genuinely looking forward to reading the authors earlier novels! The characters are well-drawn, and the blend of tension, action and suspense make this a genuinely great summer thriller!
1338 This novel immediately captures attention with its subject matter - and all the more so with a factual phrase that comes frequently in the book - Harry Houdini, the most famous man in the world. For a time, the magician was known to everyone - and even today, his fame is still known. This novelization of Houdinis life is told alongside historical and modern chapters in the life of Martin Strauss - the man who may have been responsible for Houdinis death. This combination makes for a highly engaging read - and a surprisingly thought-provoking one on mankinds relationship with magic.  The book contains moments of humour and the characters all feel quite realistic. I don't know much about Houdinis life, but this paints an exciting and extraordinary life. I am sure some diehard Houdini-fans may take offence with Galloways use of artistic license in painting this picture of Houdini, but it is certainly an entertaining one. Its an absorbing read! While the ending twist is a bit predictable, it works well here. Its an enjoyable read and an interesting blend of fact and fiction to create its own neatly tied together reality. I think its very well done!
1339 This is my first experience with Eislers writing, and kicks off the start of a new seies starring the titular character, Livia Lone. Its a dark, but enjoyable read, following two timelines Then and Now. Now an adult, the Then chapters chronicle the terrible events in her childhood, and how she comes to the name Livia Lone. Sold by her Thai parents along with her younger sister, the two girls endue horrors. This look at human trafficking is certainly not for the squeamish readers. It also makes it a little difficult to pick up for only a few moments at a time. And while Now is something of a success story, Livias past certainly has a strong impact on her future as the book opens with her starting off the hunt afresh for new information about her missing sister.  It is darkly fascinating and certainly fast-paced. Theres a lot of violence here  some of it horrifying and some parts a bit more satisfying. The plot does hold some overly convenient turns, but as a first book in a series, I imagine that future novels will be more focused on one timeline rather than Livias backstory. As such, too, hopefully future books in the series will allow more room for the other characters to be more developed. Only Livia feels fully fleshed out here, and while it would have been nice to have a bit more on the supporting characters, that is one advantage of a series. I will definitely be keeping my eye out to see what happens next!
1340 We use bigger treats like these jerky treats as bye-bye bones  a treat to help ease the separation, and distract from leaving. In some ways, it makes our dog look forward to errand running  which is a far cry from the anxiety-ridden puppy he once was! But, we are consistent with always giving him something.  We kept this resealable bag by our car key hook, to make it easy to take our keys and to give him a strip of this. We didn't rip it in half, as our Australian Cattle Dogs teeth had no trouble making relatively short work on this. The bag isn't very large, so it didn't last too long, but definitely seemed to be a hit! We would definitely buy this again in the future!
1341 This sixth book in the Chronicles of Elantra series is definitely another exciting and action-packed addition to the series. Once again, all signs and Oracles point to the end of the world - a new threat faces Elantra in the grey, shapeless void of the Devourer - a shadowy figure who will literally tear the world apart as a portal opens to bring refugees from another world to the capital city. And as usual, it is up to Kaylin to both save the city and these unknown strangers.  This is a bit of a deviation from some of the earlier books in some ways, because the plot feels less contained and more of a set-up for the next novel. It also FINALLY has more action in the personal relationships-department (yay, Nightshade!) and Severn actually speaks quite a bit in this one, confessing and explaining his love for Kaylin. So this fact alone makes me more excited than ever for the next book in the series! I am really enjoying reading these books - it is definitely one of my favorite fantasy series!
1342 This is a smoothly translated novel - the first that I have read from this author, but hopefully not the last! Told in three different perspectives, this is an engaging police procedural novel set in Stockholm. All three narratives share some similar themes, and they all flow together well to make an engaging whole. Peter, a depressed detective, Emma, the young lover of a millionaire and Hanne, a woman who has worked with the police in the past as a behaviorist, all tell the story of a gory murder. Alongside the murder, there is a lot of focus on the relationships of all three of these main characters, and their somewhat similar failures in love. It's an interesting and fast-paced read. The characters' backstories are fascinating and fit in well with the pacing. The identity of the victim - or rather, the lack of, keeps the tension high and keeps the reader guessing (the plot is not impossible to predict, but sometimes it's nice to read something and be right!). It's an engaging read and despite the predictability, I like the book, I wish that the ending had a bit more of a resolution to it, but ultimately this is still a satisfying read. I feel like the translation is particularly solid due to the way so many idioms are handled - I am not sure if this is planned as a series, but I think that there is enough there for more from these characters - either way, I will be keeping an eye out for more from the author!
1343 White tanks are something that I replace a lot - a good undertank like this is a great solution for underneath shirts to hide a dark colored bra, to layer or to just wear around the house. It has a nice stretch to the fabric and the cut is nice, too! It's a wardrobe basic that I think everyone needs! This one holds up nicely in the wash as well - and so far I haven't managed to stain it past bleach's powers, so it seems like it will be one of the longer lived tanks!
1344 I really enjoyed reading this one!! Its my first experience with this author but I definitely plan on checking out her earlier books now! Its quite a tragedy of a story, and genuinely heartbreaking at times, but its lovely in its own way, too  and definitely well-written (not to mention paced in a way that makes it impossible to put down!). While the plot and the real relationship of the sisters is rather easy to predict, its not really something that detracts from the story at all. Its really engaging and though definitely a tragic story, has a lot of love and beauty as well.  Marys story is probably a common one, but its so well-crafted here that it feels completely fresh and authentic. And the repetitive nature of the story in the way really adds to that that. I honestly didn't want this one to end at all, and I really cant wait to read more from this author! I just really enjoyed it!!
1345 My husband has been using these practice balls in his office. He really likes them! The bright colors and the bucket that they come in really make them handy and even more fun to use! I think that these have made practicing golf even more fun for him! Also they are quieter than normal golf balls, but very comparable in all other aspects!
1346 Over the years, I`ve read several of Wilson's thrillers. They are all unique blends of excitement with a sort of scientific twist and a dash of romance. This isn't his strongest novel - the scope is a little too large to be crammed into a book under 350 pages - but it's still an entertaining one. The general premise of the havoc that ensues once a sperm sample is stolen from a museum exhibit's ancient man and used to impregnate a modern woman definitely crosses the line requiring a suspension of disbelief. This is only starting point as more craziness - even some Ancient Aliens (a precursor to the popular History Channel show!) appear. The characters do not stand out for the genre, but neither are they unlikable. The most frustrating part are the hints where Wilson seems to have thought have taking his novel, but he pulls back at the last minute. The late introduction of several characters also adds to the illogicalness of it all (too big of a scope for such a brief novel!!). The ending feels a bit rushed as well, and in the end it leaves a rather lingering feeling of dissatisfaction because of the story's potential.
1347 This has been one of the most exciting - and saddest - books so far in the series! A thrilling adventure of war brought to Midkemia. Though there were some objections that I had along the way to some of the rather cold-hearted tactics, Feist justified his military decisions. The characters continued to grow and became more likable, even rat-faced Roo Avery turns a leaf! And once again, the book ends rather ominously, so I am looking forward to reading the last part of the series!
1348 This was an all right book - it certainly wasn't great, but it wasn't terrible either. It was well-plotted and rather unpredictable, but the action was slow-paced, the characters were stiff and unrealistic and the writing was average at best. Still, it was a solid premise - and, really, who can resist a dog story?
1349 Unfortunately, this audiobook was not my favorite - which perhaps explains why it was so easy to take a long break from listening to it! It is not a bad book, really, but the author chose to have this coming-of-age-story be relayed through journal entries. I think it would have perhaps been more successful in print version. Though I originally though that the accent would add to the fun of this, the narrators voice can be a bit distracting in the performance with some accents overly emphasized. What I like the most about the book is the obvious passion the journaler, Mor, has for reading - particularly Science Fiction novels. Though I have read quite a bit in this genre as well, this book includes her reactions to many titles that I had never even heard of! In fact, the majority of the book seems to be an outlet for discussion on SF literature - with a few classics sprinkled in. School, Mors fractured family life, romance and bits of magic are all rather sidelined by recountings of plots, characters, authors and a consistent dislike of maths. The climax feels rather rushed and genuinely unsatisfying - nor does it seem to mesh with the preceding pages (hours listening). Maybe its just that Walton too accurately captured a fifteen year old and that is why I never quite connected with the narrator...
1350 Though this isn't quite the season yet for this cooling chair, the lumbar support is definitely something that can be offered to your car year round. It looks a little goofy, overall, but is a nice solution for that support. Though our cars have some adjustable lumbar support built in, this is more extreme. Plus, the cooling fan turns any seat into an air conditioned one practically! I know my husband is looking forward to trying it out when it is actually warm out - a few days in the sixties here and there haven't been enough to really gauge how cool it can keep you!
1351 Rickman offers one of those rare sequels in Midwinter of the Spirit - one that surpasses the series opener! The entire novel is creepier and spookier, providing genuine spine-tingling chills as the story progresses. Though lengthwise it is no shorter than the first book, the pacing does not suffer the same sort of inconsistencies (although the ending still came a bit too quickly for me!).  The characters that Rickman so carefully constructed continue to develop, and their relationships become more complex and layered. I am particularly drawn to Lol, and I really like the dialogue interchanges between him, Merrily and Jane. I hope to see these relationships continue to flourish as the series moves onward. Some of the new characters that appear in this second book, I genuinely hope will be series regulars - particularly Athena - she is so charming! This is a very enjoyable read - I even found myself liking Rickman's villains!  The overall style of the novel has begun to remind me a bit of the writing of Sarah Rayne - another British mystery writer that does not seem to have caught on much in the U.S. Both Rayne and Rickman create "meaty" sort of mysteries - the characters are richly detailed and the plot's intricacies all eventually interconnect.  The supernatural element that one would expect in a series about an exorcist is stronger in this book. Rickman handles this well, and it makes me even more curious and excited to see where the series will go from here. I adore the characters, so I am quite excited that I have started reading this series when there are quite a few books already published and waiting to be read!
1352 Following up the drama of last week's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Sweet-Life-3-Too-Many-Doubts/dp/B007XSOAK8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Sweet Life #3: Too Many Doubts</a>, this fourth installment deepens the drama-factor for nearly all of the main characters. This "Sweet Life" certainly isn't so sweet for those who have been affected by yet more of Caroline Pearce's vicious gossip - she really is the continued villain of Sweet Valley, and it would be nice to finally see her what ought to be coming to her!! Her awfulness really has made her the Scourge of Sweet Valley as she continues to push couples farther and farther apart. Todd's white knight status diminishes more here, and "Easy Annie" may just be making a return!! And Lila's schemes take a rather predictable turn for the worse... all in all there is more than enough drama to go around and I can't wait for next week's installment!!
1353 The story of Atlantis provides a wonderful basis for novels - and I just can't pass up on a book on the topic. But, I think I made a mistake in reading this Atlantis-themed novel just after finishing Stel Pavlou's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Decipher/dp/0312366965/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Decipher</a>. It quickly became a near-constant compare-contrast reading situation, with Pavlou's being a novel more to my tastes. I just couldn't sit back and enjoy this book for what it is. And it does have a lot of positive, enjoyable qualities. First of all, the writing itself is a lot more approachable without the methodical scientific research to bog down sections of the novel. And, as a start to a new adventure series, the characters here are a bit more developed - and show room for growth over the course of a series. Unfortunately, the inclusion of a terrorist plot line muddies the focus of the book. More time is devoted there than to Atlantis, which really is a disappointment considering the title (and my expectations). It would have been nice for the book to have focused a bit more around Atlantis. Overall, it's a fun thriller - and certainly a fast and easy read. I'm not dying to discover Jack's new adventures, but I will probably keep an eye out for him in the future.
1354 Anna Quindlen excels at writing evocative, emotional novels. And this is no exception. She begins with an excellent and engrossing premise, and then executes it beautifully - wringing the many emotions out of readers with each page. And while the ending, to me, at least, doesn't seem to be the "happiest" it still is a satisfying one, with everything leading up to that final moment making sense. I really enjoy Quindlen's style, and overall writing ability. I have read a few of her books now and  I am hard pressed to say which of her books that I like the most, actually. I will definitely continue to read her work, that is for sure!
1355 The sixth installment of the Kate Burkholder series is one that I eagerly awaited reading. I have been following this series since the very first book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pray-for-Silence-A-Thriller-Kate-Burkholder-Novels/dp/0312540035/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pray for Silence: A Thriller (Kate Burkholder Novels)</a>, and this is an exciting addition to the series. Although, it once again makes it hard to believe that Kate actually thinks of Painter's Mill as such a crime-free town... once again, brutal murders are cutting across the town - ones that have roots in a robbery gone wrong thirty-five years earlier. Vengeance is cutting down the perpetrators - one at a time. This is not Castillo's most unpredictable plot, but she does manage to slip some surprises into the overall story.  The ongoing relationship between Kate and John is perhaps the lowest point of the book. Their relationship has begun to feel repetitive and the pacing of its development over the entire series is so slow that it has gone from tantalizing to dull. Hopefully the seventh book will make more progress in that area of the book... As always, though, the book ends too soon and I am once again eagerly awaiting the next book in the series!
1356 After reading and enjoying The Deep, I have been keeping my eye out for more from Cutter! At first, this hardly seems like the same author  there are pictures throughout the book, and the introduction into the trio of anti-heroes gives the book a sort of spaghetti western feel to it. This isn't my favorite setting, but the quick chapters and fast pacing really helped the characters begin to grow on me, and the storyline became more engrossing. The dual time periods  the sixties and eighties, works well (though timing wise, I wish that I had read this one while decorating for Halloween rather than for Christmas!). The book has some genuinely spooky scenes (along with some horrifyingly grotesque ones, too  just gore, violence, decay and all those bugs.) that definitely cause some shivers and an urge to turn on more lights.  The structure, with the two stories fifteen years apart, works really well  and I like how there were some obvious nods to other horror favorites of mine (some lines of dialogue brought me back to Jaws, and those honeycomb structures felt like a nod to John Connollys Charlie Parker series). I am definitely curious about his earlier novels and really cant wait to start reading them (though I am tempted to save one for next years All Hallows Read.  And though the ending feels like there could perhaps be room for a sequel, I don't think that it is necessary. The unanswered questions at the end aren't actually that unsatisfying  sometimes those gaping holes can really spoil a story, but not so here. Theres more humor and sadness than I expected and overall, I liked this one a lot more than I expected to even!
1357 This book reels in the reader with its premise from the very beginning - the sole survivor of a 1980 plane crash is an infant - one of two three-month old girls on the plane kicking off a mystery to the identity of the young baby. And though this plotline seems rather simple on its surface, it twist and turns in some very unexpected ways! It really turned into a much more complex story than I originally thought - though I think some of the simplicity from the language itself may lie more because this is translated fiction. Maybe some of the stilted sentences would be less noticeable in an audio version of the book... I really liked how Bussi brought each character to life though. It was a fast-paced and engaging read! I will keep my eye out for more from Bussi in the future!
1358 The sixth installment of the Charlie Parker series is another dark one, this time involving a ring of child abuse. But it also brings The Collector back which is just fascinating. This one includes less direct bloodshed, but retains a satisfying quality to its sense of justice. More questions are raised here about Charlie's parents and his true self. It's a highly engaging read and a very strong addition to the series!  I love his books. He is one of the very best writers - and certainly the best mystery-writer that I have ever read! His words - even at their most grotesque and haunting - remain lyrically beautiful. His characters are so fleshed out that it is amazing that they are not actually alive. And his plots are finely woven webs that link everything together in the end. This installment, revolving around a mysterious ring of child abusers, was very well done. And with the rather surprising turn of events at the end, I am very curious to see where the next book will go.
1359 Originally, I bought this as part of a Father's Day gift for my dad, and like all books I buy for him, they end up in my own TBR piles! I do enjoy a good creature-feature, and this one certainly fits that bill! It opens like a standard thriller with its writing style set apart with the direct approach to the reader with its use of the second person.  But, to me at least, this is one of the scariest books that I have read. The titular invasive species is a three-inch long wasp (just typing those words is giving me the creeps) that seems to exert its hive-mind control beyond the borders of its own species. It's horrifying!! This keeps the book moving at a fast pace and definitely makes it disgustingly thrilling! I could never make it through a film adaptation, if one was ever made, that's for sure!  It's a completely engrossing read and while generally horrified, I am eager to find out what happens and will definitely be reading the sequel! I am looking forward to seeing what happens next!
1360 Just last month I read a few books in what seems to be a new sub-genre of Young Adult fiction, featuring larger heroines. I wish that I had read the description for this one a bit more closely  otherwise, I would not have chosen it. The entire book is written as a series of poems, broken up only by texts between the two 15 year old main characters. I have never been a big fan of poetry, so had I seen that was the style of this novel, I never would have picked it up.  But, I decided to give it a try. It is a very short book (so much space on every page is empty!), so I went ahead and quickly read it. There is a story that comes out  that of Shay, an overweight and unhappy teen who is still grieving the loss of her father and living with her stepmother. She, of course, has a predictable crush, and the romance moves predictably. There are some funny lines, and some inventively sad and lonely ones, too. But the style just is the biggest hurdle for me. And the text abbreviations are frustrating, too. It just feels so ridiculous overall  from the gay best friend, to the other dying best friend and to the vapid enemy and wicket stepmom. The style doesnt let any of these characters ever really feel like more than cartoonish representations.  Maybe this will appeal to some very reluctant readers but it may turn others into reluctant readers!
1361 I will always have a soft spot in my heart for mixed mythologies, and this sequel does this well. This fantasy series (the sequel to Dreams and Shadows) is a more satisfying read than its predecessor, but the characters still do not come quite to life for me! I really just love how Cargill's obvious affection for his setting  bleeds through to the story. It's a moving story and one that moves at a faster pace and keeps those pages a-turning! I would not recommend starting here though - but I remain curious to see what will happen in the next book  (I know this is projected as a trilogy, so I hope that the wait isn't too long - I probably should have re-read the first book to bring back more of the details for this one)!
1362 Post-apocalyptic fantasy has become so popular in recent years, and I admit to having a definite liking of it, as it allows each author to attempt to re-create the world as we know it. In Logan's rendition, the earth is mostly covered with water, with only scattered island chains remaining. There are two types of people - the landlockers (as the name suggests, they are the inhabitants of those scattered islands) and the damplings (those who travel the seas). Logan creates enough detail and characters who feel real that the book, and all of its beautiful descriptions, quickly becomes one that is hard to put down. It's an enjoyable and very original read! I think the premise works well and Logan's writing style is engaging. The story moves along pretty quickly and it is an overall satisfying read. I feel like I have read a lot of books recently that include circuses and this aspect of the story works really well here. I definitely plan on keeping my eye out for more from Logan!
1363 I have a deep love for maritime adventures, and this one certainly a unique (and pretty horrific) ocean tale. The Deep Ones were definitely fascinating creatures, but Moore never really satisfied me with enough detail about them. Still, the central focus of the novel - and rightly so - is the book's narrator, Captain Joe. He is such a likable and sympathetic character that it is easy to overlook the details that have been glossed (or entirely skipped) over. Joe's narration really makes him come to life - Moore gives his narrator a great sense of humour and a surprisingly calm head in the midst of all the turmoil that erupted around him. While this is not one of my favorite ocean thrillers, the narrator alone made it a much more enjoyable read than I expected from the rather cheesy cover art.
1364 Ehhh - while on the surface, this is an interesting and fast-paced thriller, it ultimately falls a bit flat. The initial premise - a man reconnects with his college sweetheart after twenty years have passed - intrigues at first. The woman - Liana/Audrey/Jane - clearly has a curious and dangerous history and her current situation embroils George Foss, the milktoast narrator, into her affairs right away. But Georges status as the books hero never feels convincing. While he is perfect for the situation, he never really feels sympathetic. He is downright dull (despite some exciting circumstances) and the torch he carries for this woman from his past crosses the line into sheer idiocy. Even when he believes that he is about to die, he continues to flirt with this femme fatale!  Overall, the plot definitely twists into some unpredictable scenarios, but the George of the flashbacks to his freshman year of college shows no growth to the 38-year-old George of the current plot. Its his general pathetic nature that really spoils the book. Perhaps adding another perspective to this outlandish scheme would have made the book a bit more palatable. My disdain for him just prevents me from finding this to be a truly satisfying read. Its average at best.
1365 This YA fantasy novel begins a bit slowly - but the pacing picks up and by the last hundred pages, it is almost impossible to tear your eyes away from its pages! With werewolves, vampires and zombies (oh my!) abound in the market, Gratton has moved away from these superabundant supernaturals and based her new series, The United States of Asgard, on Norse mythology. This debut novel is very well done. It is a cleverly executed and entertaining blend of mythology, fantasy and modern pop culture.  Though the central love story is a bit predictable, it is the supporting characters and the intricate details of the United States of Asgard that makes this such a fun read. The book is slated as the first book in the series, but the ending leaves few clues as to where the series will go in the future. It ends on a quite satisfying conclusion, but I am definitely looking forward to a sequel that will include even more detail into this unique landscape. It is an enjoyable read. Those familiar with Norse mythology will clearly get more out of it than those unfamiliar with it. But this will certainly make for an intriguing introduction - and is sure to incite more interest in learning more on the topic. Gratton shows a particular talent for weaving the stories into the overall narrative. I hope the wait isn't long for a sequel!
1366 This was a good book - though I did enjoy _How To Be Lost_ a lot more. The characters in this novel were quite strong, and there was definitely a high emotional appeal, but the plot was very predictable. The biggest (and most shocking) drawback to the whole novel was Karen. Her entire crime wave as well as personal life was completely lifted from Aileen Wuornos's life. Ward hardly put any spin on that true story at all (other than change Karen's race) to make her story unique. I wouldn't have been as upset had Ward acknowledge this inspiration anywhere in the book. Since she did not, it seems a bit life theft. The book came out the same year as the film _Monster_, so the good ratings of the book are really shocking, unless the book's release preceded the movie's. It was well-written, and I am glad that I read it, I just wish that Ward had thrown out some sort of acknowledgment that she based Karen of Aileen.
1367 Andy Carpenter is such a wonderfully charming fictitious character - the humour that Rosenfelt offers his narrative point of view is simply delightful. And though this marks the ninth book in the series, nothing about it is stale or formulaic! In fact, the plot here is actually one of his more complex ones presented in the series. It made the entire book a longer, richer and all in all more satisfying mystery to read. However, the book continued quite a few typos - which is something that I cannot recall this series displaying in the past. It did not ruin the novel, but it was a surprising annoyance and completely unexpected for such a popular series. Still, despite these editing errors, I am already looking forward for the tenth book next year! I can't wait, and hopefully the editing staff will be more on top of things then!
1368 Oh, this was such a cute book! And even more enjoyable since I had just watched&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Wizard-of-Oz/dp/B002QRBB30/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Wizard of Oz</a>&nbsp;only a few days ago, so all of the references felt very fresh. My only complaint is that I would have loved for the story to go on a bit longer! I really liked this magical book - though I must admit, it did remind me of an episode of the PBS show Arthur where Pal admits being responsible for all the missing socks... Still this was a very fun and rather uplifting read.
1369 This was an interesting book - in all facets, really - a neat structure, fascinating premise, surprising twists and turns to the plot... the only thing really lacking were the characters. Not anything terribly specific, but... I guess they seemed more like characters from a film than from a book. They were a bit two-dimensional, which is odd considering the book is labeled as "psychological thriller." Some actions were rather unbelievable. I do think it would make a good movie, though - perhaps even better than the book. There was just something film-like about reading the book. Maybe because some actors jumped to mind as being perfect to play parts (e.g., Judi Dench as Vivienne). It was a solid story and quite entertaining and if only the characters had that certain je ne sais quoi, I would have truly loved it.
1370 This is a very interesting book. I just love books inspired by art. McGregor links her book with the artist Richard Dadd. And it has certainly inspired me to look up some of his other paintings beyond those mentioned in the book! Both his artwork and lifestory as they are presented here are absolutely fascinating! I even njoyed the rather horrific descriptions about Dadd's time in Bedlam as well. It is just such a riveting read, full of interesting details! And it has a fast pacing to it as well,  All in all, a sad, but very good read. Its only real flaw lies with the characters... there is just something...  missing... from them. I do like the rather mythical romance but none of the people (other than Dadd) really came to life. I am curious to read some of McGregor's other novels - she certainly seems to have unique plot lines.
1371 The first in a Young Adult fantasy trilogy, this is an intriguing start to a series and a really enjoyable read! Its an engaging read, filled with sympathetic and unique characters. The landscape of the fantasy itself, feels richly detailed and actually works well with blending the contemporary Earth-settings. The cliffhanger of an ending has made me glad that I waited to pick this book up until the trilogy was complete - I cant imagine waiting to read the rest! I am thoroughly hooked on these characters and this plot!  The mixture of modern and fantastic works well and it is a creative book. I think the older end of the YA readers will greatly appreciate this thrilling story. And though I usually find the romance - especially in this genre - terribly cheesy, it actually works very well here. I cant wait to read the next book in the series!
1372 This is the first in a series of books set in China. Benfu, the titular scavenger, has been scarred by his treatment at the hands of the government both during and after Mao's Cultural Revolution. But he has enriched his life by his devotion to caring for the abandoned female children that he has found amidst the trash. Over the years, he has and his beloved wife have raised over two dozen foundlings - naming each after a flower. Though they barely have enough money to scrape by, Benfu still gives assistance - financial and otherwise - to everyone that he can. It is a sweet book, filled with likable characters that tug at your heartstrings. Here, the focus is largely on Benfu himself along with his seventeen-year-old daughter who has started to find love.  Bratt also incorporates a lot of historical and cultural information into the storyline. This gives the book an educational feeling without it being bogged down by an overload of facts. Bratt also balances out the tear-jerking scenes well - keep the tissues handy, but not for every page. The book has its sadness, and hardships, but there remains a steady vein of hope and love. I am definitely curious about the sequel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tangled-Vines-Tales-of-the-Scavenger-s-Daughter-Book-Two/dp/B00C6B4R96/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tangled Vines (Tales of the Scavenger's Daughter, Book Two)</a>. I am not sure if the series will shift its focus to a different daughter, or if it will pick up where this one ended. Either way, I am happy that there will be more to the story!
1373 I really enjoyed this "dark and stormy night"-type tale very much! Quite riveting! And, like her other books, there was definitely a layering to both the plot and characters. I was, however, a bit disappointed with the ending of this one. There were some characters that never got to interact that I wanted to see, and I thought that the biggest mystery of all (how did Selina, so very reclusive, come to have a goddaughter in the first place?!) went unsolved. So, while I was definitely hooked from the very beginning, there were some loose threads that I would have preferred to see tied up. Still, I am looking forward to reading other books by this very talented author!
1374 Well, I read this book in pretty much one sitting and while it was also engrossing and entertaining, it was not my favorite of her books. It too had an open ending - albeit, not as open as the others.  I'm out of her books now and frankly, I am just shocked at how quickly they all went out of print. They are VERY good... I just wish that they were easier to find!
1375 I have been a big fan of the essay style memoir for quite a long time now - ever since first discovering the hilarious and heart-pinching writing of  David Sedaris. And since he isn't an author who cranks out a book a year, I have been experimenting with other writers in this subgenre, though often with quite disappointing results. And only a few pages into this one, I knew that this would not be one of those disappointments! The laughs start very early on and the engaging style, use of different media within each essay makes this a completely enjoyable and entertaining read. LaMarche quickly becomes real and readers feel like they completely know her - and even with the purposely TMI scenes, it is easy to laugh along with her and find some common ground with her points. I read the whole thing in one sitting! It's completely funny and entertaining - though includes some common sense and touching scenes as well - but nothing too mushy, haha. I even read parts aloud to my husband and he laughed right along with me. I think that this will be joining our road-trip collection of books that I read out loud to him! It's a book that I will be recommending or flat-out buying for my closest friends just because I know that they will love it as much as I do! I will also be keeping an eye out for future books and checking out LaMarche's YA novels!
1376 These are a functional set of crocheted baskets in a blue-grey color. The color definitely leans closer to the blue than to just straight grey. All three of them are different sizes which makes them nice to separate different things. I am using mine in our linen closet to help manage and organize our back-up bathroom products. I am impressed at how sturdy these are! But, they do come unfolded, so if you want these to match the photos, you will have to fold them yourself (which to do evenly will be easier for some than others!). I am a little disappointed that these are as blue as they are. Were they more towards the grey side, I could use them on our counters, but the blueness means that they don't match our kitchen decor.
1377 After the success of several collections of humourous essays, Notaro has turned her hand to fiction. This debut novel does not immediately grasp the reader in the same fashion as her previous books. It takes a little getting used to her narrative style, and the book as a whole is surprisingly uneven for a woman who has such polished essay collections. I think shifting the point-of-view would possibly make the book flow a bit smoother...  Still, the expected funny scenes are definitely present, and the story itself is surprisingly sweet. It offers a fun and entertaining break from daily life and is a joy to read. I am sure that her next foray into fiction will be even stronger!
1378 I loved this one!!! Even though I thought that the third book in the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Club-Dead-Sookie-Stackhouse-series/dp/B0069WXAVO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Club Dead (Sookie Stackhouse series)</a>, was my favorite - this fourth volume in the series definitely surpassed it!  It was really the most fun yet! Eric and his memory loss made for SUCH a fun read!! And Harris introduced even more werewolves and shifters, and even some witches which balance out the vampire characters! I can't imagine where this series is going from here - but I can't wait to find out! And I am certainly happy that Vampire Bill has taken a backseat role again in this volume. I am just so excited to keep reading this terrific series! I am glad the mass market size is so easy to sneak a few pages here and there from - this book was impossible to put down!
1379 This book has been lingering in my TBR pile for about two years now - in both print and audio. I decided to start listening - and I am glad that I did! I really liked the performance!  But, one of the downsides of waiting to start reading it is that I knew a bit more exactly what the titular girl with all the gifts really is - though initially it caught my attention based on the author and its good reviews. While zombies are not my favorite in the recent resurgence in the popularity of supernatural fiction, I have to admit that the "hungries" here and the whole origination of this gave the story a fresh and horrifying spin. I quite enjoyed it - much more than I expected to, really! The characters - both good and villainous - are well-developed and all are sympathetic at times. I like the author's writing style and I am looking forward to checking out the movie - as it certainly has a cinematic flair! And I am looking forward to listening to the prequel soon, too!
1380 What an entertaining collection of essays! I love this format and I am always on the lookout for new essayists to add to my shelves. These essays are quite straightforward - and read almost conversationally. I would imagine that an audio version would be equally engaging. This collection does not have the timelessness of a more literary collection - the celebrity references in particular date the book. Still, several of the rants contained within the book are hard to suppress audible laughter as you read. It's a charming, though not irresistible, collection.
1381 This was certainly an interesting book. Truly, it was beautifully written and captured what seemed to be an entire town for the early summer. The meanderings about the nature of the world somewhat slowed down the action and because it didn't really delve too deeply into any of the characters' lives, it didn't seem like a very modern book. I did like the sections that followed the P.O.V. of the dogs in particular. While I did enjoy it, I don't think I would pick up just any of her other books, but I suppose I would keep an eye out for them... without any sense of urgency, however.  It reminded me, somewhat, of Leif Enger's writing, but only in the careful construction of sentences.
1382 Initially, I picked this one up on the base of its premise alone, but then I saw some other pre-publication praise and comparisons to Stranger Things and I began to get even more excited to read it! But, upon cracking open its spine, it began to feel more like a British version of It or Stand By Me It moves along at a steady pace alternating between 1986 and 2016. But, I think that I may have had my hopes a bit too high on this one, overall Not that its a bad book (it is really entertaining  I read it in one sitting!), but the plot isn't as unpredictable as I was hoping for, and I saw the ending twist coming a ways off.  But what was most disappointing to me was that I never really liked the characters all that much. The more direct players are interesting, and though twelve-year-old Eddie does feel authentic, he just never feels all that relatable to me. Again, I still did enjoy this one, but just not as much s I had been hoping to! I would definitely check out more from this author in the future.
1383 I really love this series! This sequel to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Darkly-Dreaming-Dexter-Dexter-Morgan-1/dp/0307277887/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Darkly Dreaming Dexter: Dexter Morgan (1)</a>&nbsp;is just as solidly entertaining and fun as its predecessor. And much more than the first book, the plot here really deviates from the Showtime series. Well, there are still some similarities between this and Season Two - like Sergeant Doakes and his stalking Dexter (which forces Dexter's "cover" relationships to develop), Deborah's involvement with a Fed -  and of course the characters themselves are pretty similar, but there are some major differences. This time, the serial killer at the forefront is not Dexter himself... Cody doesn't seem quite so innocent (Astor, too)... But I like the differences between the books and series - it makes them two separate entities so there are more surprises here. And I especially enjoyed that the Lila storyline isn't a part of the books - on the show I really don't care for her! I'm soo excited to keep reading the series!  The differences between the novels and the television series really make them both all the more fun to re-experience! And in re-reading this one, I must admit, some of the events came as a surprise to me since the show had been fresher in my memory. The narrative style and deeply dark humour continue to be prevalent here and consistent with the first book. Dexter is certainly one of literature's most charming serial killers and though the television series draws out some entertaining  plots, too - I much prefer the direction that Lindsay takes his characters.
1384 This novel takes place in 15th century Venice, though there are many Turkish influences to the story, so its history is also included in this tale since the main character was raised in Constantinople. The book is obviously well-researched with rich settings and details of daily life bringing the characters and time period to life. The pacing moves a bit slowly, and ultimately, the plot holds few surprises. But, despite it feeling like a familiar tale, it is an entertaining read and one where Venice herself feels like a main character. The descriptions of the outbreak of the Black Death and the common medical practices of the time will have todays readers thankful for the advances in the medical field, thats for sure! But, these sections are downright fascinating and Fiorato balances her research well with excitement. The religious elements add to the richness of the story, and may take some readers by surprise. Its an interesting and fun read, all in all.
1385 This was a gift, and the premise of a book-within-a-book was quite interesting. I must admit that it did take me a little while to become accustomed to its rather unorthodox style, but there were many genuinely entertaining parts to it. Unfortunately, there were also some rather dull sections. I think I would have enjoyed it more if I had more background knowledge of some of the Irish myths and legends the book played off of - and if I had a greater appreciation for poetry. Still, it was a unique sort of book and one I would have liked to read as part of a lit class or a book club, because I really feel that it could lead to a lot of rich discussions.
1386 The seventh book in the Logan McRae series opens quite explosively. It's an exciting and fast-paced novel with a celebrity abduction angle intermixed with a few other cases. Some of the celebrities may sound a bit familiar - but I am sure their real-life counterparts are nothing more than coincidence! Still, it's an exciting book and moves along steadily. This is due, in large part, to the more centralized nature of the plot. The plot does take a few predictable paths, but the surprises lurking more than compensate for this! The Jenny and Alison kidnapping takes precedence over the other crimes, but there are still some other drug crimes and a wide amount of interviewed suspects to maintain the police procedural focus so ingrained within the series.  And quite a bit happens in Logan's personal life as well! He gets too close to the truth and receives a stern warning with some harsh consequences. And Logan's morals are further tarnished as he steps outside of the law. All in all, it's a fast-paced, thrilling read that really leaves you anxious for the next installment in the series!
1387 This is one of my very favorite thrillers - serial killers and multiple personality disorder - it just doesn't get any better than that! I've read this book a handful of times over the years, and so while there aren't any surprises for me anymore, the excitement alone still makes it a good re-read. And I was VERY excited to re-read it this time around since I get to start reading the long-awaited-for-sequel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/When-She-Was-Bad-A-Thriller/dp/1416534172/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">When She Was Bad: A Thriller</a>, directly after! It is a rather dark and violent story, but the edge-of-your-seat-level of this thriller is so high that once you start it, it quickly becomes impossible to set aside.
1388 Mary Higgins Clark's books always make me a bit nostalgic for summers when I was a child. My grandmother and I would trade these books back and forth, discussing and comparing notes on who had correctly guessed the plot. This novel, at thirteen years old, still counts as more recent novel and one that I hope my grandmother had a chance to read. It is certainly one of MHC's better novels. Mixing together politics, psychics, and architecture, the plot unfolds in a fast-paced and entertaining fashion. The characters are all the typical mix of people that appear in the majority of her books. The romance that is woven in here is not one of her better ones, and borders on the distasteful. But otherwise, this is a fast and fun read with a plot that manages to toss in some unexpected surprises. Yes, those more familiar with Clark's books may just guess the twists, but there are a few that will take even the diehard fans by surprise. It really is one of her stronger novels.
1389 This debut novel follows the format of Devil as protagonist seen in Glen Duncan's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-Lucifer-Finally-the-Other-Side-of-the-Story/dp/0802140149/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I, Lucifer: Finally, the Other Side of the Story</a>&nbsp;and Steven Brust's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/To-Reign-in-Hell-A-Novel/dp/0312870493/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">To Reign in Hell: A Novel</a>. Here, the backdrop of the Devil's playground is America - running from the first settlers to land all the way to a more reality TV-ridden near future. Though some of the side trips fall more into the realm of world history, Poore returns his Devil time and again back to the U.S. of A. It is these asides, dreams and jaunts through history that provide the real meat of the story.  Unfortunately, the overall frame doesn't really hold up on its own. Without the tangents, there simply would not be much of a book at all. While the novel would definitely be stronger if the general premise had more solid footing, the sideways snippets and glimpses are interesting enough to hold the book up and keep readers flipping pages.  Poore strikes a good balance between humour and some nuggets of genuine wisdom. With a debut novel like this, it will be interesting to see where he moves from here and just what characters and subjects he will tackle next!
1390 This is the first book that I have read by Winspear - though I have heard wonderful things about her Maisie Dobbs series. This standalone novel is an interesting one. Winspear writes in a style that seems to reflect the style of her WWI setting. This takes a bit of getting used to - especially in the way the point-of-view shifts. But as the characters each become more developed, and the plot progresses, the book only becomes more engaging. But, make sure that you have eaten before settling down to read this one! Winspear uses food to show the love between the characters and as a result there are numerous pages devoted to the descriptions of meals. These more mundane details do slow down the pacing a bit, which makes the action-filled ending a bit disconnected and abrupt from the preceding pages. The conclusion is certainly shocking, and I do wish that more pages were included in wrapping everything up. But, it feels well-researched and accurate. I am definitely curious to read her other novels which take place in this same time period - one that is not often highlighted in fiction.
1391 I read this appropriately titled novel on actual New Year's Eve - it seemed a simply perfect choice to celebrate the New Year with as my husband and I quietly celebrated at home. And I really enjoyed this family drama - of course, any time a book involves twins of any ages, I know that I have a special predilection for like it. This New York-set story involved not only adult fraternal twins, but also a sort of supernatural twist. The relationships in the book between the various family members all felt very realistic and relatable - even the "otherworldly" interactions had a chilling quality of reality to them. It was an interesting read and surprisingly difficult to put down. It flipped back and forth through time - highlighting significant New Year's Eves over the course of the twins', Erica and Heather, lives. It added a lot to the story, and certainly set a festive mood for reading it right at the same time. While some of the characters were much more likable than others, it still made for an entertaining way to help bring in the New Year.
1392 This YA debut novel is a fun read. Amy Gumms life in Kansas is not going well - teased since her parents divorce (which is the catalyst for landing her and her mother in the Dusty Acres trailer park) as Salvation Amy. Now seventeen, Amy still has her enemies - and after being suspended for fighting with her popular (but pregnant) longtime nemesis, Amy feels like her life cant get much worse. As her mother heads out to the bars with the tornado warning sirens blaring, Amy finds herself abandoned with only her mothers pet rat, Starr, for company. But when the tornado hits, Amy quickly learns that Oz is real - and much darker than the classic Judy Garland film ever revealed. This dark twist on Oz brings in references from the L. Frank Baum books as well as the film and has Amy struggling to put together the disparate pieces of Ozs troubles - and also along the way discovering who she is and what she really wants.  The book makes for an exciting, fast-paced read that pays homage to the earlier versions of Oz while allowing Paige to put her own unique stamp on it. The adult language may disappoint parents of younger, advanced readers, but it also makes it more appealing to the crossover older readers in the market. The ending leaves readers anxious for the sequel - which will hopefully flow a bit smoother and clean up some of the lingering loose ends and mysteries. I hope the wait isn't terribly long!
1393 This is such a powerful and wonderful novel! Though targeted towards children, this WWII-set novel definitely touches on some adult issues, and will undoubtedly appeal to both young and old readers. It's both a moving and beautiful story set within the height of the Nazi regime in Germany. Death as narrator sets the book out of the "typical" young adult novels to share this setting, and it works so sell here. I have actually read it a few times now, and the novel provides a wonderful springboard for discussion, making it a wonderful choice for use in both classrooms and book clubs. It sounds strange to say, but upon re-reading it, I really savored the strength and beauty of Zusak's writing - that appeared all the more wonderful juxtaposed against the brutality of his setting. I am looking forward to reading more of this talented author's work!
1394 This is this month's book club pick - the first time we are actually reading a book over the holidays! And this one is a good one as we get ready for the first snow of the year, that's for sure! Set in Alaska while the railroad is being extended, Jack and Mabel are a childless couple who have relocated in an effort to escape their grief. But the change of scenery and lack of family isn't alleviating their sadness as planned - until a magical first snow and the creation of the titular snow child that changes everything.  A little girl seems created out of their own wishes and she changes not only Jack and Mabel, but everything in their little valley. It's a story of sadness, survival, grief and love. it skirts the edges of magic, mystery and historical detail. The audio version is mostly well-performed, though some odd loud intakes of breath are distracting. My biggest complaint of the Kindle (and printed) version is the inconsistent use of quotation marks in a sort of purposeful manipulation of the story...  The fairy tale angle set me up to love this one, but I just didn't... I was ultimately pretty disappointed with it, though I did finish it. I think that a big part of it was my not feeling any sort of connection to any of the characters... I think that it will spark interesting discussion with the book club - and i am definitely interested to see what everyone else thought of it!
1395 This is another Irish thriller-crime-PI-writer. Apparently, the Irish have a great talent for this, as I enjoyed this one very much. It's similar to Connolly in that the main narrator is an alcoholic, ex-cop. Bruen's main character is a bit more of a degenerate though. And his writing style is much more in-his-head. It's also funny. I would recommend this, but not as readily as some other thrillers.  My main complaint is that I am reading them out of order - this is the 5th book and I've started the 2nd... This is really the opposite of how I like to read books. However, I am enjoying them - but more because of the characters than the plots.
1396 This Hawaiian adventure was one of the better spin-offs from _Summer of Night_. Though Cordie Cooke's description borders on the outright grotesque, she remained just as likable - if not more so - than in her first appearance. There is just something bluntly charming about her. I liked the way Simmons intertwined the historical aspect of Mark Twain's visit to Hawaii through Aunt Kidder's journal entries. Full of excitement, and even with a cameo appearance by Mike O'Rourke, I had a lot of fun reading this. Basing everything off Hawaiian mythology made it even more unique and giant pigs, sharks and volcano eruptions aside,  makes me want to go back there! A fun and summery adventure, and a welcome addition to Simmons' versatile bibliography. Simmons is very talented, but he really shines with the historical sections.
1397 At first, I didn't really care for this. It started out SO similarly to _The Secret Life of Bees_ - a daughter feeling responsible for a parent's death. And though the narrator was older, there was a lot of similarity between the two books' narrators. But, as the novel progressed, it grew to be separate from the first. It became a novel more like Jodi Picoult's - some chapters told by different characters and a revelation at the end. I will continue to watch for this author, because as a whole this novel was quite good.
1398 This is certainly an entertaining and engaging YA spooky sort of thriller. In some ways, it reminds me of one of my favorite books from last year,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dead-House-Dawn-Kurtagich/dp/0316298689/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">9788 Night Film: A Novel</a>&nbsp;in the way that the author incorporates a wide variety of media to relay the story. There are all sorts of things here - video transcriptions, journal entries, emails, notes, interview transcripts, images and newspaper articles. On this scale alone, it's an impressive debut. The central character, Kaitlyn, is the alter of her "daytime sister", Carly, and her time of wakefulness is only at night. The two girls share this body and only really interact with one another through notes and journal entries. Their psychologist (the book's opening is set in an institution) seems to think that this DID (the new term for Multiple Personality Disorder) is a result of the death of their parents - an event neither girl remembers. But, when they return to their boarding school, more than just the eeriness of sharing a body begins to unfold. A darker plot takes form across the novel's various components. There isn't quite enough detail in the supernatural side of things for this to be completely satisfying (though this relatively vague nature does certainly add to the chills) and the plot does take a few familiar turns. Still, it's an engaging read and debut novel with a definitely impressive scope! It will be interesting to see what the author follows this up with!
1399 Picking up only a short time after the first book in the series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Crystal-Bones-The-Faelin-Chronicles/dp/076145828X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crystal Bones (The Faelin Chronicles)</a>, ended, Hall's second entry in the Faelin Chronicles series provides another non-stop action and adventure-filled read. With the male narrator, this may appeal to more young male readers. And though Diello makes for a sympathetic character, his strong twin sister, Cynthe, will certainly capture female readers as well. A map features at the beginning of the novel, providing an even firmer grounding in the backdrop for this magical land that Hall created.  Unfortunately, like its predecessor, this book is all action with little room for character development or even appropriate emotional responses to actions. Hopefully as the series continues, and these twins age, their relationships with each other and their friends and enemies will develop along more realistic lines. It is still a fast-paced and fun story, though, and one that will certainly appeal to young readers who would prefer action to exposition. I am definitely curious to see where this series goes in the future.
1400 When I found out that Bennett had written a sequel to City of Stairs, I could hardly contain my excitement. My fingers had been firmly crossed since finishing the first book in August of 2014. And while the first book is certainly a complete and satisfying read, the level of detail and the solid foundation for this new world seemed begging for more tales set there. And so I certainly was thrilled to learn that my wish came true! I had a bit of a hard time getting into this one, though, at first. Truly, I wish that I had had the time to re-read City of Stairs to re-fresh my memory a bit more. Though it was only just over a year since reading it, I have such a terrible memory that I think I would have been more engaged from earlier on.  But once I was hooked into this one, I had a hard time doing anything other than read it. It is a much darker story than the first book, but no less intricately written. It is an impressive sequel and once again, I am left with my fingers crossed that this isn't the end of this unique world that Bennett has built.
1401 I love this laptop!! I am using it right now to type this review, and I must say that I am really impressed with it. I love the capability to use it as a touchscreen computer as well as a laptop. The set up is easy and you can even use the touchscreen simultaneously with the keyboard - which is nice because though large the mouse area can be a little frustrating at times - but when that happens, you can just touch the screen where you want it! It's very futuristic and I love the lit keyboard. It is just so wonderful and easy to use, with a great screen quality and the whole laptop has a very expensive feel to it. This is my second Dell laptop and I must say, they have come a long way in quality! I absolutely love this! It makes a wonderful and versatile tool - plus it's pretty light and shockingly thin. I don't know all of its capabilities yet, but each time that I use it, I feel like I am discovering something else neat that it does! The only downside is getting used to the sensitivity of the mousepad area, but with the touchscreen, well, it hardly seems something that you will have to get used to at all! This is just terrific!
1402 This is the first year that I have really decorated for Valentine's Day, and I have to say - I really like this cute little runner. It has spruced up my dining room table quite nicely! It lays flat and the thin material means that it doesn't get too bulky to use in addition to another table cloth. It is made of cotton, and I imagine will wash well, too, in the event of any spills. I am a little concerned about the white background, but it has stayed nice and clean looking so far!
1403 Though all the adages warn you never to judge a book on its cover, but I must admit that I picked this book entirely based on its attractive sugar skull cover. Ive never been a big fan of books with heroes fueled mainly by drugs and alcohol, but with its 1969 setting in Mexico, I am giving this one a chance. The narrator, Tod, is a late-twenties hippie and pseudo-writer who wakes up in their neighbors apartment next to the dead body of their neighbors prostitute girlfriend. The style of writing is engaging and immediately is intriguing as Tod has no memory past his first shot of heroin from the night before. Though Tods reactions are less than sympathetic, they do feel authentic.  Tod escapes the scene of the crime without any real clues as to what happened or where his wife is (along with their entire savings). Throughout Easter Week, Tod tackles his problems through a haze of drugs. The setting is very strongly realized and the way details of the era are woven throughout adds a lot to the story. The book has a screenplay sort of feel to it and the characters are all unlikable, so it is hard to muster up any real connection to the book, but I think the end is satisfying and I appreciate the writing style and the details. The plot moves quickly, and I read the entire book in one evening.
1404 The first (and at this point only) time that I met someone from Saskatchewan was actually in Munich - and while this has nothing really to do with this novel, the whole time I was picturing the couple that we met as the older versions of Etta and Otto. I think that there is something just pleasant about the couple that we met that seemed reflected here in fiction somehow. Or maybe it's the underlying sort of magic of the book that reminds me of that same time. Either way, this is book completely took me by surprise - I really enjoyed it. Though its magical realism skirts more into magical, I like that. I like the idea of an 82 year old woman walking all the way to the ocean accompanied by a communicative coyote. And despite this, in its own way, the book takes a very real look at aging and the horrors of memory slipping. It's simply and powerfully written and I look forward to more of Hooper's novels in the future.
1405 Carey writes beautifully - it had been a few years since I had last picked up one her novels, but a few pages into this one, it struck me again what a gift she has. I really enjoyed reading this book. It initially took me a little bit to get into it, though that may be more to do with the last few books that I've read than anything else (they were all rather humourous essays, rather than an actual novels)!  Once the plot unfolded, it became a very sad but engrossing story. Despite its rather depressing subject matter, Carey did a good job writing it, and the ending felt very satisfying. There weren't too many loose ends left over. All in all, I will continue to look out for this author's work. And while I thought that her debut novel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Mermaids-Singing/dp/B000C4SO4I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Mermaids Singing</a>, was a much stronger piece of fiction, her talents are certainly not wasted in this latest novel. I can't wait to see what she writes next!
1406 This was a fairly enjoyable read - a little slow in parts, but overall interesting. It felt like a bit like a sequel to Dan Simmons'&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Terror/dp/3453406133/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Terror</a>&nbsp;about a mission looking into John Franklin's disappearance in the Arctic. It was well researched and the character of Zeke was especially easy to hate - he made a good villain in that there wasn't anything redeeming about him. A truly loathsome villain like him certainly added a lot to the story. I wished that there had been a bit more of the ocean itself in the book, but the historical detail all felt accurate and thorough.
1407 I have long been a sucker for any kind of non-fiction book that looks at the history of the human-animal bond, especially when it comes to dogs. So, naturally, I was quite drawn to this one which is a good, well-researched history of pets. It relies a lot on quantifiable evidence more so than anecdotes and speculation (like this subset of non-fiction sometimes seems to turn to). The formatting of the book with breakouts gives it a more modern flow, though it does break-up the experience if you are reading this cover-to-cover. I think some readers would prefer actual photographs than the detailed drawings, but this didn't bother me at all. I wouldnt recommend this as a non-fiction book to read straight-through, as by the ending, it started to feel a bit repetitive.  The historical view of domestication is laid out in an interesting and logical fashion and there are some anecdotes interspersed throughout that liven things up a bit, too. And though the author leans towards the science side, there are still some missing links and steps that are frankly unknowable. But these do not go unacknowledged. And I think that this is handled very well here. I really was quite taken with the idea that there is a genetic link for a knack with animals that may run in some families (I know that my grandmother had such a knack for dogs, and it interesting to see which of her six children share this, and which of her grandchildren also cant imagine life without a dog). Unlike some books on this topic, it never gets overly preachy or political but it is fascinating and definitely a great addition to this subsect of non-fiction!
1408 This marks the first fictional audiobook that I have ever listened to! And it is quite an enjoyable experience! Although I probably would have read this book in one evening, listening to it for the last few weeks has really brightened those slow hours at work. At first the slowness of listening frustrated me as Christopher's novel is certainly a gripping story! But as I grew accustomed to letting my ears paint the pictures, I started really looking forward to those quieter moments when I could listen to it. The audio version is narrated by one woman, who has a pleasant voice to listen to. The novel's format is that of a long letter from the abducted sixteen year old, Gemma, to her captor, Ty. Listening to the "you" makes this a bit startling at first to listen to, but it really makes it easier to identify with the villain, too. The narrator's gruffer voice for male voice and higher one for the other women is a bit startling at first, but even when handling the different accents the narration is clear and easy to listen to and never distracting.  The storyline itself is dark for the YA market - definitely targeted towards the older end with its swearing, drinking and the overall abduction premise. The perspective and overall style of the book really sets it apart from other kidnapping stories. The book also offers a fascinating insight into Stockholm Syndrome  - though at times the sympathy for the villain is over-emphasized. Still, it has a ring of authenticity to it. But, it definitely romanticizes being kidnapped - another reason why this is more appropriate for older teens and adults. It's an emotional story - evoking tears and some genuine chills.
1409 This was an intriguing read, that was definitely different from most books. Though it seemed as though many details were omitted, I don't know that the book would really work any other way without detracting from the growing excitement and curiosity as the reader delves deeper and deeper into the story. If a reader doesn't like to be left with questions at the end of a book, this would not be the book for them.  But, if after finishing a novel, a reader enjoys introspection, this is more their speed of book.  I wouldn't recommend this to just any reader, though I did enjoy it quite a bit.
1410 I am absolutely addicted to these tall plastic tumblers with the double-wall insulation. So much so that we are constantly trying out new places to store them in our kitchen, as they do take up a lot of space, and are taller than your average cup! Plus the lids, and straws take up additional space  but I carry one with me each day as I go about working, errands and driving. They are just great! While most of mine are the extra-tall Starbucks cups, I liked this holiday gingerbread pattern for this December! And I definitely got compliments on my Christmas-cup this year! I didn't drink hot beverages out of it (I never really liked drinking hot beverages from a straw), but it kept my iced tea cool for just as long as the taller tumblers, and it washes easily. I do wish that the lid size was more compatible with my other tall tumblers though, as I have to be careful to keep its clear lid separate with it. The one gingerbread also is a little creepier in the face and body than the other but I am happy to have some Christmas cheer with me!
1411 I thought that this was a very entertaining fantasy novel - the characters were quite likable and the plot, though straightforward, was exciting. I am looking forward to reading the sequel, as well as the rest of the series. It really reminded me of Maria V. Snyder's series, so I would say that if you finished that series and were looking for a new fantasy series, you would probably really enjoy this one since they both center around strong, independent, female characters.
1412 This book hooks the reader right in with its premise - the titular Mia, is seven months old and missing. Her mother, Estelle, has been discovered in a ravine, terribly injured and with unclear memories of the days leading up to her daughter's disappearance and the reasons for own inaction. Her fractured memory and obvious depression make Estelle a bit difficult to sympathize with at first - she is clearly unhinged and so it is hard to trust this so clearly unreliable narrator. The mystery of Mia's disappearance gets stranger and stranger with the more pieces that Mia remembers (even the dirty diapers have been taken along with her!).  The desire to know what happened to this missing baby is the real force behind turning the pages. Estelle's perspective is not always engaging especially considering her mental state. This does slow down the overall pacing somewhat, but the latter parts of the book certainly fly by! The ending is so fast that it feels a bit abrupt, though I am not sure that the ending could be any more satisfying - it just all feels very sudden in comparison to the pacing in the middle. I think I will be keeping an eye out to see what Burt writes in the future!
1413 Im not really sure where to begin with this one I have never read anything from the author before And I am curious to see what her earlier novel is all about, even though I didn't exactly love this book The plot is predictable from the get-go, but this predictability is somehow more comforting than frustrating. And I really love the Hawaiian backdrop to the book. I definitely wish that I had read this while on the beach there (or anywhere, really).  Told from Nancys perspective, she has moved to Hawaii with her husband and their twin teenage sons from California in an effort to save their marriage. But the fresh start falls to the wayside when Nancy makes a new friend  her yoga instructor  and changes her life. The nature of the friendship, I think, will resonate with anyone who has made a new friend as an adult and I think that the book will lead to some interesting discussions.  It truly is an engaging read, set against a lush backdrop and it moves along at a fast pace to its rather inevitable conclusion!
1414 While I am hardly the intended audience for this Middle Reader book - I must say that I really enjoyed it. I think that the appeal of the title and cover will reach a wide variety of readers and it makes for an impressive debut novel. Set in England, the narrator, Al (short for Albert Einstein Hawking Chaudbury) turns twelve and receives a letter from his father who passed away four years earlier. In it, his father gives him instructions on how to save his life, using a time machine hidden within their old house. With short chapters and a likable cast of characters (well except for a few choice exemptions), it's a fast-paced and fun read!  Like many time travel stories, thinking too much about the mechanics of it may spoil the fun. But, if you can push that aside, I think that it makes for a fun read. I can see this really being versatile in terms of the audience - as a bed time book for younger readers and also appealing to older readers despite the young age of the hero. I am definitely curious to see what Welford will follow this one up with - it's an enjoyable read!
1415 This is the fourth installment in Castillo's mystery series featuring the formerly Amish chief of police, Kate Burkholder. Castillo extends the plausibility of the series here with spreading the crimes over a more widespread area to somewhat return the small Ohio town's credibility as a "sleepy country town". The crimes here - and the descriptions - take a darker turn than some of the previous installments. But the writing itself is beautifully crafted with Castillo's strong sense of visual scenery lightening some of the tension. This does not affect the fast pacing, though, and along with the romantic storyline, what would border on being too dark of a story to be enjoyable, turns into a thrilling and well balanced book. The characters are great, but I would still recommend reading this series in order to fully appreciate their growth (as well as to not have some previous cases spoiled by this book). And the haunting ending leaves a lingering unease in its wake, along with a lot of anticipation for the fifth book in the series, due out June 18, 2013,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Her-Last-Breath-A-Novel-Kate-Burkholder/dp/0312658575/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Her Last Breath: A Novel (Kate Burkholder)</a>.
1416 This was a fascinating book, with each chapter detailing a different type of bite that could very likely prove fatal to humans. Many of the chapters involved creepy imagery from swarms of fire ants to fatal spider bites. Tips on bite-prevention (the largest section on dog bites) and what type of medical care to immediately pursue were easily laid out in each section. The range of topics was widespread and I was genuinely disappointed when this interesting book ended.
1417 This does exactly what it promises to do - it can re-charge your cell phone's battery on the go (though you do, of course, have to remember to charge it!). It is slimmer than other rechargeable stations and is versatile to different types of cell phones. For Apple products, you need to use your own charging cable - so this does add some space if you are bringing this in your bag. There are built-in ports as well for other types of cell phones. The charger is surprisingly slender and you can use your phone while it is plugged into it. It does take some time to re-charge though, and I have yet to discover how long the charger retains its charge for unused - once I know I will update this review!
1418 This was a book club pick that I have to admit, I had some initial reservations about. The description sounded pretty interesting, but I was completely unprepared to have enjoyed it as much as I did! I am really happy that I read it - not only was it a fast non-fiction read, but I felt that I learned a lot from it. Many of the facts presented were ones that I had never encountered before and they were presented clearly, and without being dry or in any way dull. From tidbits about cell culture itself to unethical studies, this was a fascinating (but be prepared to be horrified and sad along the way) read. So, please, don't be deterred by the book's description - it truly is worth the many rave reviews that it has received and is not at all what I feared it to be.
1419 The slimmer OtterBox cases are some of my favorites. I have been familiar with this brand for over ten years now, having received a case for my iPod after one broke after a minor running mishap. I love the maroonish color of this one, and the grey accents are a nice touch. I have received compliments on the case, which did surprise me originally, as though I find it to be attractive, there are certainly more attractive phone cases out there - I like this one for its practicality! It doesn't make my phone too much bulkier (unlike some of the early cases that I have had from this brand), and yet it continues to protect it.
1420 Oh, this is simple a hysterical novel! A genuinely laugh-out-loud book! It is a crazy romantic comedy and I thoroughly love it. It is absolutely absorbing. I definitely want to read his other books... in fact, I suppose I just may head over to the bookstore now to see if they have any others! It feels like it's been a long time since discovering a new author that makes you immediately have an appetite for more of their work - immediately! I can't wait to see what else this talented writer has created! The dialogue, narrator, plot - everything works well here and comes together in a fresh and original way and a brilliant sense of humour! It takes a very special kind of novel to actually make your eyes water while reading from laughing so hard!
1421 An interesting thriller-adventure revolved around Bigfoot, this made for a fast and fun summer read. The plot's main framework - a deputy felt obliged to finish his kill - felt rather thinly constructed, and the government-corporation-conspiracy angle never seemed plausible. The characters acted woodenly, and overall seemed devoid of any common sense and rationality. A thriller may not be the best place to find dynamic, well-rounded characters, but usually even genre fiction is peopled with more than stock characters and display at least glimpses of actual humanity. Honestly, the best and most believable P.O.V of the book was Bigfoot's. And that foundation was the highpoint of the book - without the interspersion of "real" accounts and research, this book would have fallen completely flat. But those stories that were included were fascinating and thought-provoking. The book would have been better served to perhaps fictionalize one of those historical accounts and not try to incorporate a paranoid, political agenda. Overall, an interesting premise, but its poor execution overshadowed its high points.
1422 Since our dog is getting older, we have made sure to have some daily vitamins for him, so when our last joint health one ran out, we decided to try this one. It also seems to be good tasting - in fact, our dog comes running any time anyone mentions vitamins! He acts like they are treats! I like to think that these are helping him to be able to painlessly jump up onto the beds and run around as much as he did when he was younger. As an Australian Cattle Dog, he hasn't slowed down too much with age, and I think that supplements like these help him feeling young!
1423 I must admit, I wish that I read this book for the first time while I was in high school. It would have been a great book to read in school, too - I definitely would have preferred to read this over some of the other assigned books. It would have been a lot of fun to discuss. And it really is amazing just how timeless this book is, I mean, for the most part, it feels like this could have been published this year. It just feels very fresh and modern, which I suppose is one of the tell-tale signs of a true classic novel. I didn't really know what to expect from the book, and I did really enjoy reading it. I will say, though, I read somewhere that there is a window of opportunity to read this book, and that if you read it when too young, or too old, you lose the book's full power, and I can definitely see how that statement is true. Still, Holden Caulfield is a great character, but I would have liked him even more if I had been introduced to him at a younger age.
1424 Despite our jokes about the iron stomach of our dog, we have always been cautious surrounding raw hide - having heard so many horror stories about the dangers of rawhide. These rolls, made in Vietnam, proclaim to be easier on a dog's stomach, and my dog certainly has shown no evidence to the contrary. They aren't quite as long lasting as I would expect from the size. I have seen raw hide last for weeks with other dogs, but this one startled me with just how quickly the whole roll disappeared. Because they are not made in the US - something I didn't realize when these first came to our house - I would probably not order them again. Although, this will be much to my dog's disappointment, as he did seem to greatly enjoy them, considering how quickly he could consume them! I would say that none of them lasted longer than 15 minutes - and he isn't that big of a dog (he's an Australian Cattle Dog).
1425 This is a quite strong debut novel set in the coal mining region of Pennsylvania during the 1960s. Brigid Howleys young life has been defined by the curse set upon her Irish-immigrant family one hundred years ago. With coal fires raging beneath the earth, the government attempts to quell the fires. This makes for a powerful backdrop in this coming-of-age story as Brigid learns more about the family secrets and problems caused by actions in the past. The book rings with authenticity and it is obvious that Harnett has researched the area and the horrors of this disaster based on the fires still burning today in Centralia, Pennsylvania.  Brigid, at first, is a bit hard to get used to as a narrator. She is far from the most charming child-narrator in fiction, but she does grow on the reader and by the end she is quite likable. The plot holds surprises, sadness, horrors and even some moments of humour. But it is the uniqueness of the setting that truly makes this book a distinctive read. The plain writing style does take some getting used to, but by the end, I think I enjoyed it a lot more than I initially expected to. I am curious to see what the author will write next!
1426 This Young Adult debut novel could have also been titled "My Big Fat Senior Year" as there are some definite similarities to that movie... but it is an engaging teen novel that deals with grief (the book opens a few months after Georgia's mother passes away from complications with her diabetes), body image (Georgia, like her mother, is a larger girl) and friendship - along with a little teen romance. Georgia's poetry adds to the emotional level in the book (but be warned, some of the descriptions of her mother's illness are not for the faint of heart). Georgia's mother's dying wish is for her daughter to try everything - which may not exactly correlate with the message some parents of teens want to pass along to their teen daughters (Georgia smokes, cuts class, eats edible drugs - with an experience that seems to glorify it to rather ridiculous heights). There is some swearing, too, and maybe all of these experiences are just par for the course of our rougher world... but I'd not blindly recommend this one to every young adult reader.  The Chicago setting, though, is quite nice, though the relationship between father and daughter is not what I would have hoped for. But, by the end, this is a satisfying read. It's a bit predictable, but not in a terrible way. I am curious to see what Kottaras follows this one up with.
1427 This is a fun toy cash register that is sure to inspire fun pretend play! It makes noise, but not obnoxiously so, and the pieces fit nicely in your toddler's hands. It can be a lot of fun to play with and the numbers can segue into more educational play as well! It would make a nice gift for kids three and up! The colors are nice and gender-neutral, too!
1428 This was July's book club selection and I greatly enjoyed it! In continuation with our current WWII theme, this book is more about the layers and coincidences of life and relationships than about the war itself. Strange and beautiful, the unique style and perspective completely caught my attention. There was a definite storyteller-quality to the book - particularly from the sections from Leo's point of view. I think it would make a wonderful audiobook. Really, it was a beautiful and sad story, with all the pieces fitting almost perfectly together at the end. A good choice for book clubs, we had a lot of material to work with in our discussion.
1429 This Young Adult novel certainly holds a lot of surprises! Abigail Thom is a young girl in the care system in Scotland. She receives sudden notice that her birth mother has died - and left something to the girl she abandoned in a commune at only a few weeks old. Abigail is even more shocked to learn that she has an older sister and a father living in LA 0 and that she is to go meet them.  What opens as an engaging YA family drama, soon shifts into something more. It becomes a fast-paced thriller as Abigail navigates not only LA, but also learning more about her new family. The book ends with a clear set up for a sequel - and I certainly hope that one will be released soon! It's an interesting premise for a novel and the plot moves in some sudden and unexpected ways. Abigail makes for a sympathetic heroine and the book, though obviously targeted toward the older end of the YA market, is for the most part very appropriate for younger readers. It is well-written and exciting! I hope the sequel is due out soon!
1430 This collection of essays is certainly beautifully written. The topics of bats, crocodiles, whales and penguins were all fascinating and fairly informative. The book just didn't really "wow" me - much of the information was not new (it was originally published in 1991) and though the author put herself into the essays, there wasn't really enough of that to put a more interesting angle on the collection as a whole.
1431 Though it has been a few years since I read the first book in the Jack Caffery series, Mo Hayder's books stick with you in all their disturbing glory. From what I recall about&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Birdman/dp/0802146120/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Birdman</a>, this sequel certainly doubles the haunting imagery and nightmarish situations. And the stress! I read this in just one sitting and was literally gnawing at my bottom lip after one&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Homeward-Bound-The-Incredible-Journey/dp/B003QSE0QS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey</a>-moment after another (this book has nearly nothing to do with animals - the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Homeward-Bound-The-Incredible-Journey/dp/B003QSE0QS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey</a>-moment is that "so-close, oh, you just missed them!" feeling best summed up by the situation at the forest ranger vet's office and when the family is nearly there... ) keeps raising the suspense and tension level higher and higher.  The book is not all thrills and chills - there are some really tragic situations described, so best to keep the tissues handy, too. The level of violence makes this book for the unsqueamish. And the plot holds plenty of shocks - some better explained than others, along with some strands of the plot resolved more tightly than others. But, seriously, this is a disturbing novel that includes some incredibly terrible actions, so please, be warned that this is a dark novel with some truly depraved actions included.
1432 Well, ever since reading about Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield, I've been a sucker for books with twins (and, truly, so many other books about twins have been something of a disappointment - those Sweet Valley girls are by far my favorite fictional twins!). So, naturally, this title caught my eye. And the premise - of an imaginary twin that just may turn out to be real sounds fascinating (Margo, is that you? Or Nora??).  And from page one, twins Lexi and Ava are up to some very Sweet Valley shenanigans of sharing dates as their once-scapegoat, the fictional Alicia (Very&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Who-s-Who-Sweet-Valley-High-62/dp/0553283529/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Who's Who (Sweet Valley High #62)</a>) of them! But some strange events start happening - with only "Alicia" to blame. Soon the sisters begin doubting each other and then it proves more fatal to date one of these girls than to date a Wakefield! Soon, even the police are looking for Alicia. The book moves along at a very fast pace, and while the plot does have some predictable parts, there are surprises here, too. All in all, this is a fast-paced and very fun read! I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for Omolulu's other books!
1433 The second book in the A-Unit series opens just about a season after&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Misterioso-A-Crime-Novel-Vintage-Crime-Black-Lizard/dp/0307388034/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Misterioso: A Crime Novel (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)</a>'s conclusion. Dahl does a nice job of summarizing the previous novel without giving away any plot points, but covers just enough of a re-cap that readers starting with this second novel in the series would not be overly lost. Like its predecessor, this novel falls more into the police-procedural sub-genre of the mystery/thriller. Accordingly, its opening pages are fairly slow paced. But this pacing completely changes by the last hundred or so pages. Dahl begins winnowing down the many perspectives offered, and the A-Unit itself becomes more of the focus than before. Hjelm is still the main character, but other team members are beginning to be more developed.  The added time on character development does slow down the pacing at first, but overall it works to strengthen the series as a whole. I am looking forward to a third novel in the series (though perhaps not another trip to America for the characters). International relations and politics play a larger role in this novel which adds an interesting perspective separate from the plot. The Kentucky Killer is a case that leaves a few major loose ends, which may frustrate some. Any plot strings left dangling tend to really bother me, but in this case, I must admit that I found the conclusion oddly satisfying. The translation feels as smooth as ever and I look forward to seeing where the series will go next.
1434 Though I have heard positive things about this author, this book marks my first read of the authors - and I am certain that it will not be my last. I am not sure if enjoy is quite the right word for the overall reading experience of this novel, but it is definitely very well-written. Cohen displays a clear mastery in constructing vivid images and incredibly lifelike characters. I think anyone with a family member - especially a sibling - developmentally delayed, Avas recounting of her brothers story will strike a chord.  Avas narration - especially when she reflects on her childhood - creates a complex tangle of emotions in explaining her relationship with her odd brother, Freddy. And though the story is mostly filtered through Avas experience, she offers a wider perspective than just a siblings in the difficulties in loving someone who is relatively unreachable. The book does unfold a bit slowly, but Cohens deft hand with words makes it all worth it. The last section feels a bit unnecessary, but all in all, this is a powerful read and I look forward to catching up on her earlier books.
1435 This was a gift for my 7 year old daughter who loves all things fuzzy and cute.  We had fun putting them together (she needed some help at this age but probably age 9 or 10 could do it by themselves.) It was easy to follow the directions and she did most of the work giving her extra pride in how cute they were when finished.  Everything is included, pipe cleaners, fuzzy yarn, googly eyes, felt, etc. You can make these really expressive based on where you place the eyes and how you position the body.  A nice gift idea for a few hours of creativity.
1436 I heard Kat Edmonson on NPR's Prairie Home Companion. It was hard not to be drawn into her style of singing and voice. Within the hour I had purchased this and was listening to it. It is great all the way through. I'll be keeping an eye out for more from Kat.
1437 My kids and I (ages 6 and 11) saw this in the movie theater and subsequently purchased the movie. It was enjoyable in the theater and they couldn't wait for the movie to be released on DVD. After watching it at least 5 times at home, it holds up well for replay value. What I mean is that some movies get to be very difficult to hear over and over but Tangled is fun.  The princess is sweet, naive, and pleasant, her 'mother' is obnoxious and Flynn Ryder becomes very lovable. We really love the horse and his 'bloodhound' style. My kids especially like when the horse is hiding behind the bushes in the shape of a horse. The musical numbers are funny, very classic Disney. The animation is very well done.  I've only given this four stars because if I compare it to recent releases like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Toy-Story-3/dp/B003XKPPOU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Toy Story 3</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Despicable-Me/dp/B002ZG97EC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Despicable Me</a>, it is just not quite on the same level, close though. So I would go 4 if I could.
1438 My daughter loves these. She doesn't wear them often but they fit well and although they don't have super structure to them, they have held up through a number of wearings so far.
1439 What more is there to say that 1,500 other reviewers haven't already said. I just wanted to add my two cents.  I loved this book. It was so well written and poignant that once I started it was hard to put down.  I LOVED the women in Stockett's story, even the nasty ones. They were all very real and many of them were people I would have loved to sit down and have a glass of iced tea with on a hot southern day.  Although Stockett makes note in the back of the book that she was concerned about writing from the perspective of a black woman in the 60's, I think she did a wonderful job in creating realistic, likable and deep characters. I think the portrayal of racism during that time with the balance of those that considered it unjust was well done.  I have to admit that I am looking at it from the perspective of a white woman so I know that my interpretation may not be true. I'm sure that there were stories far worse for many during that horrible time when many considered us not equal. I am so glad I was not an adult during those years because I would be the radical fighting for the rights of all and I'm sure my big mouth would get many in trouble!  What a wonderful book. Thank you Kathryn Stockett for sharing such incredible stories with us. I'm looking forward to more great novels from you.
1440 I'm so happy spring is here. We have patches in our lawn that get so much shade that they just stay short and barren. We've used this Dense Shade version in the past and it has worked well for helping to fill in. It worked best when the area was prepped a bit and we watered it but there are times that we neglected it and it still grew in. So I'm happy to use this again to fill in some additional barren spots.
1441 My son's first LEGO architecture model was&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/LEGO-Architecture-Fallingwater-21005/dp/B002IXYSGO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">LEGO Architecture Fallingwater (21005)</a>&nbsp;which he really enjoyed putting together and displaying. He wanted more models for his birthday and this was our choice this year.  There are a lot of architecture sets, but many of them are really, really small. Make sure you look at dimensions and piece count. The Farnsworth House is not as nice as Fallingwater but is a smaller set and costs less money. So overall, it's impressive and worth the money.  It is a simplistic design but that was the model for the Farnsworth House to begin with. There are enough details to give it the right impression and the booklet explains some history on the actual house which adds value to the LEGO model.  A nice set, not huge, but well designed.
1442 In one word, sexy. I put this on my husband and it smells great. It is a little musky, light, masculine but not too overpowering. Some of my husbands other sprays have an acrid smell and I've told him he can't use them. Like the aerosol lingers in the air and makes my eyes sting. But this is softer and doesn't bother me at all. The bottle is great with a crocheted outer wrap. It makes it look great sitting out on a dresser.
1443 What a lovely ruled notebook. The label you see on the product picture (that says Monsieur Notebook) is just a paper wrapper so the only thing you see on the cover is pink leather and the elastic closure. On the back is an embossed Monsieur logo, very discreetly placed in the lower corner. The paper is a dull white, smooth finish about the same weight as a good quality copy paper with college rule lines imprinted. It is perfect for notes, journalling, or even planning out your next big idea. The corners are rounded and there is a spot up front for putting your 'nom' or name. The pink is a little lighter than what you see in the product photo. There are lots of pages so this should last a long time and hold a lot of thoughts.  Besides the elastic closure, there is a bookmarker ribbon in hot pink. A very nice product and the perfect gift for a student or just for yourself. Sample provided for review.
1444 I love silver earrings. These look great and add a touch of daintiness and shine to any outfit. What I really like are the lever backs. I hate trying to get a stopper on a French hook. I often end up bending them or losing the stopper. So a lever back keeps them on nicely. Very pretty design and the earrings are a little larger than I expected. The perfect size for showing off if you have hair that tends to cover near your ears.
1445 I've been running my own service company for twenty years. I've done all my own bookkeeping. So why would I need this? Because I've done things in a backwards way at times and often wanted to know what the correct procedure is. I skimmed through the first half of the book in an hour, primarily because I was familiar with a lot of the content and stopped to read in more detail, the items that I needed to know more about. Everything is explained in a clear and easy-to-read manner. It is well organized and easy to reference a particular topic. There is much more than I need to know but plenty of what I did need to know. I guess I haven't been doing things wrong, but at least I understand why things were working the way they were.
1446 This was a wonderful story of dreams and struggles, good and evil. It's a glance at why we have good dreams and nightmares. But most importantly, it's about a child who has been abused and neglected and needs something on his side. Littlest one becomes his guardian of sorts trying to find snippets of happy memories to create good dreams and chase away the Sinisteeds, who are banding together and picking up power as they realize the amount of weakness in John. This is a gentle but deep story with an imagination all its own. A great read for the young teen reader or adult.
1447 Even though my husband listens to his vast music collection off of his iPod, he sorts and classifies his music in iTunes on the laptop. Let's face it, laptop speakers are usually horrible so I decided to get him a little speaker so that while he was browsing, it had some better sound. But I didn't want a speaker to take up valuable real estate on our desk top. I was pleased to see how easily this clamped on to the top of the laptop without any hint of damage. It plugs in to a USB port and the driver loads automatically. The sound is fine, not perfect but so much better than the laptop speakers and just right for our needs. If we played music on a regular basis off of the laptop, I would certainly upgrade to a better set, perhaps with a subwoofer. But this is all we need and is offered at the right price.
1448 Like other reviewers, this was a little difficult to get working. And, as a caveat, we live deep in the woods so really, this is like putting a band aid on an amputation. I did have a little trouble getting it to work using the built-in sprayer. I'm not sure if it is really worth all the effort.  Hard to know if it made a big difference but I did see a decrease in the gnat clouds for a little while.  It wasn't until after I got it that I started thinking about what chemicals must be in it that were getting sprayed into my yard. I probably wouldn't buy it for future use.
1449 If you're shopping here you have probably used saffron before. But a few interesting points about saffron: it is a spice derived from the saffron crocus flower. There are only three red stigmas on each flower. These stigmas are where the saffron comes from. Saffron crocus are native to Greece and southwest Asia and it is one of the world's most costly spices by weight. Knowing this helps to understand the cost associated with it and to appreciate that Mehr saffron is thoroughly dried, not only for longevity, but a lower weight.  I found the jar a beautiful little package but it was 'filled' with those beautiful bright red pieces bursting with flavor and aroma. I have enjoyed the beauty of cooking with this saffron, in rice and other dishes. It adds a wonderful deep yellow color while infusing a subtle but exquisite flavor. You don't need a lot to make a difference, which is good because one jar doesn't last long.  Mehr Saffron is top notch with all saffron pieces bright in color and fresh and the packaging makes it like opening a little gift each time you use it.  I was provided a jar for trial and an honest review.
1450 Finn is ready for anything with this large action figure. How cool to have Finn with four possible faces to show his feelings in any situation.  This figure really is 10" tall. He comes with a removable backpack (a little difficult to get on) that actually opens up and allows you to put things inside. He also comes with a removable sword complete with cracked and chipped edges. The sword fits in his hand grip. He can balance to stand.  His arms are all rubber but his legs are hinged. The hinges don't look super strong so we haven't really moved them much. It is not really the kind of toy that you want to keep moving around a ton.  His face rotates from top to bottom (or bottom to top) easily.  He is just a fun guy to have around and look at.
1451 I LOVE Melissa & Doug products. We have used them for years and years through two kids. Most of them are really good and well thought out. This is a good product but fell a little short as a teaching tool.  There are tons of letters and words to work with and it has a lot of possibilities. But once your child knows letters and is ready to start spelling words (what I saw as the main purpose in this) the learning aspect of this is gone.  Because there are pictures on each side of each board and a cut out of each letter used to make up each word, there is no need for the child think of anything except for matching letters. There is no reason for them to sound out a word and find letters or to spell a word and try to read it. All they need to do is look at the picture and say the word.  I think a better approach would have been to have two levels of learning. One side of the board could have the picture and letter cutouts. The other side could have just the picture or just the letters. Children could then either have to spell out a word by looking at the picture or to sound out a word from just the letters without a picture clue.  It is a nice idea and great for fine motor skills, letter recognition, lower case letter learning etc. But it is very limited in learning options.  I suppose you could just take the letters and ask your child to spell a word without the boards but at that point, why not just get magnetic letters and nothing else.  Not my favorite M&D product.
1452 My son will be taking the SATs this year (although he doesn't really need them for another year). But with the tests reportedly changing, I don't want him to be a guinea pig in the results. If he takes a test now and establishes a baseline score using the old test style, he has something to fall back on if the new style doesn't work out the first year. I don't want a college trying to determine if he qualifies for admittance based on a new test.  So, having a method for him to get an idea in advance of what the test will be like as well as to practice and have tips and techniques, is a wonderful tool in my book. Kaplan has been doing this for quite awhile and has a pretty good grasp on what a good methodology is to interpreting the test and getting through with the best score possible. Will this book make you smarter than you really are? Nope. But it will teach you test taking skills to allow your true abilities to be evaluated.  It is really comprehensive and has a DVD with practice tests. It also allows you to go online and sign up for more tutoring as well as practice tests during specified times. We did have some trouble signing in and creating an account. We kept getting error messages, but ultimately, his account was created and allowed us to browse the site for more resources.  Even though the testing might be changing, this is a worthwhile practice for 2015-2016 until the new test comes into play.
1453 I really enjoyed reading this set of short stories about dogs. They were charming and fun, heartbreaking and truthful. If you've ever had a dog, especially the ones that become your family, this is a worthwhile read.  Each chapter/short story is a tidbit of this family's experiences with some of their dogs. Some stories are event based, others offer a little more insight.  All of them are a quick read and entertaining.
1454 I usually like to catch a mouse in a snap trap. It's over and done with quickly. But I had one experience recently where the mouse was caught in the trap but not dead. It was a horrible experience to get rid of it and I tried to dispatch of it quickly to put it out of its suffering. There are times that you just might not want to actually kill the mouse. In which case this trap seems to be a good way to go. It is quite a bit more expensive than regular traps but it is reusable.  The trap is easy to set and works on a weighted balance. Once the mouse goes to the bait at the back, the front drops down and closes off the exit. You must remember to check it regularly or you will end up killing the mouse through lack of water - a horrible death. It is easy enough to open for release but you will have to hold it while the mouse moves around inside.  I haven't had a mouse lately to catch since my previous traps and bait have seemingly done a great job this winter. But I will put it out and see what happens.
1455 Really, how can you beat the price on this set. There is no need to reiterate all the stuff that comes with it but it really does. I have to say that you can't expect everything to be in top quality condition. Some of it is mediocre. But everything is pretty good. My daughter has an iPod Touch 4th generation and had a blast going through everything and playing around. She loves swapping out all the cases and using the retractable charging cable. The earbuds are okay, they have some static and don't seem to be too even in each ear so I'm sure they won't last a long time. The fish cable holder is cute and the belt clip holster is what made her the happiest. The styluses are metal and have a cord to keep them plugged into the headphone jack so that you always have one handy. The screen protectors fit but we quickly took them off. My daughter didn't like the feel of them - although that was not the fault of the screen protectors.  A note about the cases that did bother my daughter - they were very hard to get on initially but softened up a little with use. However, they are not cut well enough to dock the iPod in a dock and charge it properly. They seem to hold it just a little out of full contact although with some playing around, I was able to get it to sit properly.  So for the price, for a younger child or the budget conscious person, this is a set packed with opportunities.  I was provided a set for evaluation and review.
1456 I LOVE this little engine. We already have&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sunnytech-Hot-Air-Stirling-Engine-Motor-Model-Educational-Toy-Kits-Electricity-Generator-Colorful-LED-Sc001/dp/B00LWWVNTW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sunnytech Hot Air Stirling Engine Motor Model Educational Toy Kits Electricity Generator Colorful LED Sc001</a>&nbsp;which requires some pretty high heat to get moving. The beauty of this engine is that it doesn't take much heat, even the heat of my hand on the bottom can get it moving. But the best way to use it is to take a steaming hot cup of water and rest this on top. Give it a couple of minutes and then give the wheel a turn. It will continue to rotate on its own. And on an on for quite awhile. Even if you take it off, it will go for awhile until the temperature of the bellows goes down.  It is just super cool to look at and play with. My kids, ages 10 and 15, have had a great time with it. Even though it only does one thing, it is just interesting to watch. It is beautifully finished and sturdy (although it should still be handled with care).
1457 What a great package at a great price! You get two speed style jump ropes, extra hardware, a carry case and a microfiber towel.  The jump ropes are super thin but really strong. They won't tangle up like rope style versions. The handles swivel without turning the rope so they never wrap themselves up. The handles are thin and very light but easy enough to grip and the handle position is adjustable. The cables have a rubber tip so that nothing flies off and you don't poke yourself. The pouch holds one jump rope and the towel is great for a gym bag since it takes up little room.  A nice value set! I was provided a sample for testing and review.
1458 Amazing. I am amazed at how much water this towel grabs. It quickly dries me off out of the shower and takes up so much less space than a traditional terry cloth towel.  It's super soft and a great size. It washes up easily (air dry) and is ready to use again and again. I've also taken this to the Y and it is perfect because it comes with a carry bag. Best of all, it takes up so little space in my gym bag. Although I haven't used it for travel yet, this would be my go-to towel for that because it does so much but packs so lightweight and tiny.  Sample provided for review.
1459 This is a super fast charging power bank. When I put my smartphone on it, it charged as fast as if I had it in a proprietary plug. 12000mAh is a lot of power as well and will refill a smartphone many, many times. It is also powerful enough to do tablets a few times as well. It does not charge my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet but a lot of powerbanks don't work for that.  This heavy and slightly smaller than two decks of cards. It has a nice finish, two ports for charging using your own USB cables and a four light LED indicator to show how much power is left. And the price of powerbanks has come down so much, making this a great deal. Make sure you take off the thin layer of protective plastic on the top and bottom surfaces. It can look like it is used but once they are removed, it looks shiny and new.  I was provided a sample for testing.
1460 I love having a salad with balsamic glaze over it. But because I'm eating it right out of the bottle, I like it to be a bit sweet. It's really hard to know if glaze with be thick or thin, tart or sweet. But I took the plunge and ordered this box because, for the price, it was a great deal. There is confusion in the description since it says 33.8 oz bottles (6) but then it says 8.4 oz bottles (12 total). I contacted the seller to bring this to their attention and they still haven't fixed the listing. So I can tell you that the bottle that you see pictured, 33.8 oz, is the bottle you will receive. And there are 6 of them in the box for the listed price.  The glaze is pretty thick but is not as sweet as I like. However, it has a sweet/tart flavor and I have adapted. The bottle is large so you will need a place to store it, although I don't refrigerate it once it is open. I think it is a great price especially if you like to cook with glaze.
1461 This is my first experience using ceramic knives. So I wasn't sure what to expect. Wow. They are sharp. I can't say that they beat out my super sharp metal knives every time but I've been using these for over a month now on everything from fruit to veggies (some soft), meat and all kinds of things. They have worked wonderful every time.  The peeler is also a great addition. It goes through carrots and potatoes like nothing and is easy to hold.  They wash up very nicely and do not stain. I cut some chicken that had been cooking in a broth with turmeric (notorious for staining just about anything) and they never held the color.  The handles are comfortable as well.  I've looked around at other ceramic knives and you can easily pay double this price for just one knife. This set is well worth the money.  I was provided a set for testing and review.
1462 I wear headphones when mowing the lawn and running other garden equipment. For years, I've used a set of heavy headphones that are wired to my phone. Inevitably, the cord get caught and pulls out. I have not wanted to use my better quality Bluetooth headphones while doing such dirty work. So when I found these, they were the perfect solution. They have the benefit of being fully adjustable hearing protection with the added ability to listen to music or podcasts while working. So my first thought was, "they can't actually sound that good right?" But they do! They are clear and have great bass, clear vocals, and crisp sound. They are heavy duty and only time will tell if they hold up to abuse.  The only drawback - but it's almost a necessity - is that they are tight on my head. I guess that's the payoff for having the hearing protection.
1463 I heard Bitter Heart a number of times on Sirius Satellite "Coffee House". Every time I heard it I loved it. After listening to the rest of the CD, I am not disappointed. I love all the tracks. Zee has such a sweet, pure voice. She is very unique in her sound and very easy to listen to. I really like how her vocals can carry the song and the background instruments are just to keep the tune running along. In other words, the music is very secondary to her vocals.
1464 If you don't own a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Polaroid-CZA-10011B-PoGo-Instant-Mobile-Printer-Black/dp/B0019UGCLG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Polaroid CZA-10011B PoGo Instant Mobile Printer (Black)</a>, this paper will do you no good. However, if you do own one, you will need paper. Since the packs are sold in sets of 10 sheets (this one containing 21 packs, all individually sealed) this is a great option for having a large supply on hand.  I would suggest doing a little division though. It may be more affordable, per pack to order a smaller quantity. If you just take the total price, plus any shipping, and divide by the number of sheets, you'll get a per sheet cost. I found that the 30 pack was the most cost effective but we needed a large quantity quickly and this was the only way to get them overnight.  These are all individual precut sheets of 2"x3" sheets of sticky back printer paper.
1465 Well, what can you say about this. It's a woven tube for critters. My guinea pig hasn't taken to it yet but he has another house to run to. It is large and would fit a small rabbit as well - probably up to a dwarf or a little larger. Good for chewing on or hiding. Or you can use it to stuff hay inside to keep it easy to access but not spoiled on the floor of a cage.
1466 I'm really having a tough time getting through this book. I understand it is written to help us see through the eyes of and history of Alby to hopefully have some empathy and understanding. But it is so full of hate and angst with the occasional super touching moments that it makes it hard to get through. I'll continue for a little longer but at the moment, it is not my cup of tea.
1467 When you look at this (and see that is sits on a shoe adapter) you would think that, like a flash, it is controlled by the camera or video equipment. But you control the light turning on and the degree of intensity through an on/off turn wheel. This is a nice feature since there are times you don't want to blow out the highlights of a video with too much light. It is pretty intense at its brightest and can fill fairly far away. I would say it was good up to 15 feet away.  It comes with two panels to change the color of the light (warm or cool) and a diffuser. You can mount it on a tripod or on your camcorder/camera.  It seems to be a great, inexpensive way for the amateur videographer to illuminate a little better than setting up regular floor lamps and overhead lights.  I don't think a video light at a cost of $24 it is trying to be the perfect light so you have to keep the price in mind when expecting a level of quality. I had trouble initially, getting the batteries to sit properly and make the right connection. But once they were in (a very odd set-up since there is a spot for a rechargeable lithium ion battery to use instead of 6 AA batteries) it worked consistently. The instructions are worthless so you just have to figure it out on your own.  For the price, it works well enough. I was provided a sample for testing and review.
1468 I've been using these almost daily for a couple of weeks now. They are kind of funky looking but they work really well. I like the over ear feature because it helps to keep them in place. The ear buds stay secure and come with a bunch of different sizes for swapping out.  The cable is long enough to run behind your head and turn your head without getting it stuck. And I really like the controls being on the cable. I have another pair of sport earphones that I use often but the control is on the earpiece so whenever I'm pushing it in my ear, I tend to push the power or pause button.  The sound is great. Love the clarity and quality of vocals. I've used them a lot for phone calls as well and it's very easy and clear. The battery lasts a long time, I've had them on and running for hours without needed a recharge. And they come with a great zippered hard-sided case. Sample provided for review.
1469 What a pretty, little key/coin purse. The purple is soft looking and a fun color. There is enough room inside to store a credit card, some cash and change. Also a few keys. Although I wouldn't put keys in at the same time as money. There are two chains that come out. One has a clip on it if you want to clip it to a bag. The other is for keys. The second one for keys has two circles for adding keys, one is smaller than the other. The outside is a cool textured leather with neatly stitched, visible seams. The zipper pull is a matching piece of leather. Sometimes the zipper gets a little stuck if I take it all the way back. A little candle wax and it's all set though. Sample provided for review.
1470 What a lovely notebook. The label you see on the product picture (that says Monsieur Notebook) is just a paper wrapper so the only thing you see on the cover is black leather and the elastic closure. My elastic is not the full length like in the picture but goes around the shorter end since this is a landscape notebook. On the back is an embossed Monsieur logo, very discreetly placed in the lower corner. The paper is a dull white, smooth finish about the same weight as a good quality copy paper. It is perfect for notes, doodles, journalling, or even planning out your next big invention. The corners are rounded and there is a spot up front for putting your 'nom' or name.  Besides the elastic closure, there is a bookmarker ribbon in matching black. A very nice product and the perfect gift for a student or just for yourself. Sample provided for review.
1471 I've spent a lot of money over the years buying sets of utensils and spending much more than this set. But I can say that I think I'm done buying for a long time.  This is a beautiful set. It feels great, it looks great and it works great. It has solid handles and soft edges. The bright red is great looking and so far has been stain resistant. They clean up really easily and the variety of pieces cover all my needs. I especially love the ladle since we often have sauces or soups and the only other ladle I have is huge and stays tucked in a cabinet since it takes up too much space. Best of all, I can use them on stainless steel but Teflon as well.  I can't say enough about what a great value this is. At $4 a piece, you just can't buy this kind of quality anywhere else.  I was provided a set for testing and review.
1472 In a house with two younger kids, we watch our share of animated movies. We just finished watching Rango and I have to say that I wish I hadn't seen it.  While it was professionally animated, the characters and dialogue were really odd.  The main character, Rango, is cool enough, but Bean is (as my 8 year old says) 'creepy' with ringlets and bloodshot eyes. The rest of characters are a modge podge assortment of things that are often hard to discern. They live in the town of Dirt where water is just about non-existent. So how do they all survive? Really? Day after day of no water. They should all be dead. But I guess I'm too literal on this one since, let's face it, it's a movie about talking critters.  The town mayor is creepy and easily set-up as the bad guy. Animals are killed all throughout the movie - good characters and bad. There's a comment about having an enlarged prostate and a character whips out his latex glove and asks, 'Who's ready?'  But the line that really got me was when the rattle snake grabs Bean and screams, "Sign the damn paper woman." Now I know the snake is supposed to be a bad guy but this line was really over the top for me. There were a lot of small swear words and way too much gunfire and violence for my liking.  Not a movie I would ever watch again.
1473 We have a guinea pig but the guinea pig version of this cage is just too small unless your pig comes out often for exercise. It is a good size for one pig, even perhaps two but no more than that. I've had a fabric based cage before which has it benefits and drawbacks. But the plastic is certainly easier to wipe clean although a little harder on pig feet. The cage is easy to assemble but is large. Make sure to check the dimensions for floor space before ordering. I like the wheels because it makes it easy to wheel out for cleaning the area around it. Everything hangs on it well. the ramp can be a bit tricky but eventually, pets figure it out. At least most of them. Our pig loves to sit on the ledge and beg for treats. As soon as he hears a bag rustle, he runs up and starts squealing, the little beggar.  This also comes with just about everything: water bottle, food dish, hay bin and ramp.
1474 There are times I like to rock out and times I like to slow it way down and relax my mind and body. I've really enjoyed listening to this CD. It's well produced and well written. The repetition in the songs is just enough to allow for some meditation without sounding like it is stuck in one spot.  There is also enough variety is the melodies that the change of songs is nice but not jarring and a distraction. A very well done CD, perfect for background music, relaxation, falling asleep or meditation. A sample was provided for review.
1475 Powerbanks come in all shapes and sizes. The difference between them is feel, ease of use, ability to charge quickly, capacity and price. Aukey has put together a powerbank that is not only a great price for the capacity but the quality of the powerbank in finish and style is wonderful. It has a soft, velvety rubber finish with smooth edges and a great feel. It has a single power button and only one light to tell how much charge is left in the battery. But it is color coded to three levels: red is 30% or less power left, blue is about 65% left and white is 70-100% power left. The same happens when charging the powerbank. The light displayed lets you know how far you are in the charging process.  It charges quickly using the USB to micro USB (flat style) cable. But you can use your own USB cable as well. There are two ports for simultaneous charging but that will slow things down a bit. This size powerbank will recharge my smartphone about 4 times.  The packaging is really nice. It comes in a box, in a plastic case, and then layered inside. Really pretty - although this doesn't alter performance, it does make for a nice gift presentation.  I was provided a unit for testing.
1476 I can't tell you if shipping these will win you a bag of broken and tattered candies. That depends on the seller and their packaging.  I can tell you that these are one of my favorite candies, and my kids too.  They are perfect for a single candy in the mouth of creamy, crunchy goodness. The outer shell is a sugary, crunchy coating and the inside is Cadbury's super creamy, milk chocolate - so much better than much of the standard American chocolate.  We usually only buy these during the Easter season because it is almost guaranteed that they are fresh then and if we had them all year long, they would add way too many pounds to our bodies. Too easy to eat! Too easy to over eat!
1477 Verso usually does a great job of making good covers and this is no exception. It's not my favorite Verso cover for a couple of reasons but is okay if you understand the limitations.  The cover is a rough, heavy weave fabric with words printed into the fabric itself. The words say things like Ponder, Seek, See, Fly, Look, Wonder, Curiousness...  My Kindle stays nicely put with the four rubberized elastic corners that don't get in the way of the reading screen.  There is an elastic strap to hold the cover closed.  The cover opens up as a stand for horizontal viewing but this has some limitations. There is a groove on the base for the Kindle to sit in so that it doesn't slide forward but that groove is a little too far back so the Kindle wants to fall forward. The groove is also not very deep so it really has trouble locking it in place.  Other than that, it is a rougher fabric finish, nicely made but has a minor design flaw.
1478 My kids (a boy and a girl) both love Nate the Grate and Diary of a Wimpy Kid books. There is something about mixing the story and illustrations/comics throughout that add so much to the reading experience.  Desmond Pucket is another good one in the same style. It has a fun story interjected throughout with comics, illustrations, diagrams, etc. that add a lot of humor and visual appeal to the story. Desmond is a mischievous young man who likes to pull pranks and plans them out thoroughly. His biggest downfall is that he wants credit for them but knows that he will be in even more trouble if teachers and his parents know too much.  The story is laced with bad humor, gross pranks, obnoxious illustrations that all lend to the fun readability and appeal to a younger reader. Even though Desmond is in middle school, I can easily see a 4th or 5th grader reading this.
1479 The front of our house is almost always in the shade from our house. It tends to grow moss. So I scraped the moss off and planted some of this. It has done well so far. I'm hoping it continues to grow and spread to keep the moss and weeds away.
1480 This was the first Ravenhurst game I've played so I have nothing to compare it to - although I have done some of the other hidden objects games. So I went into this with no idea of what to expect.  I was hooked! But also very creeped out. I really like that you have to be on the lookout for objects and things to interact with. It is not just a hidden object game but a logical puzzle it through game. The graphics are often actual photos manipulated into the scenery or very realistic animations. The sound effects are the creepiest. Moaning, cackling, screaming, and mother's voice - I can't even go there.  It is very disturbing and I wouldn't let my kids watch some of the scenes (like the maternity ward with the pulsing and bulging bellies).  Navigation was easy, the strategy guide was great when you got really and truly stuck.  The best part was looking for clues to progress and figuring out some of the logical puzzles. The worst part was the sound effects. This is really not for the squeamish and since there are many other games similar but less realistic, there are other options.  In regards to the morphing objects, I kind of liked the twist on the usual hidden object part. Either is fine with me.
1481 My banjo playing son has finally been practicing more at home. So he needed a footrest so he could play more comfortably. This has done the trick. It is solidly built and sturdy for placing a foot. Fully adjustable for height and has four rubber feet. Couldn't ask for anything more.
1482 Cooper loved this. How much? It was gone in less than 30 minutes. But he's a puppy and loves chewing anything. He started by chewing the tasty bit off the middle Then he moved onto dissecting the rest of it. It did take some hard work on his part but it disappeared quickly.
1483 We purchased this for our two new guinea pigs. They do a good job of getting the hay out and rolling it around. I agree with other reviewers that the little filler door is worthless and I just pop off the side, fill it over the hay bag, and pop the side back on.  I like that it is free standing or can hang on the side of a cage.  I don't like that you can't choose the color you want. We ended up with burgundy.  ***UPDATE*** After using this for a few weeks, I'm really not sold on it. It is hard to get apart (too hard to fill in the 'door' and too hard to close up by taking the side off. We just switched to a hay hanger. Hopefully that will do the trick.
1484 I've been measuring my food now for quite a few months. I started using this scale a few weeks ago. It is easy enough to use and one of the features that I really like is that it shows two decimal points out. In other words, my old scale will show 1.2 oz but this one will reflect a more accurate measurement of 1.15 or 1.25. In the end, it's not a super big deal but more precise is usually good. I found it to be pretty accurate as I tested it out again my other digital scale. I'm not a huge fan of the raised platform. I usually like a flat surface but the nice thing is that you can put a plate or bowl on this and then tare it out to zero so that you can weigh from zero with the bowl in place. It wipes down easily as well but again, because it is thicker, it doesn't slide into a cabinet as easily as a flat scale.  Sample provided for review.
1485 I go kayaking a lot over the summer and take my phone and camera in an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Outdoor-Products-3-Pack-Ultimate-Dry-Sack/dp/B00CJIBDHU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Outdoor Products 3-Pack Ultimate Dry Sack</a>. Which does a great job. But every time I want to look at my phone, I risk opening the bag and dropping something in the water. This waterproof case will do a wonderful job of keeping my Droid Incredible 4G dry and yet visible and easily accessible.  It was easy enough to get my phone, in its case, inside and seal the top with two lock tight grips. The lanyard is silky soft and long enough to go around your neck. I recently dropped my phone in a snowbank and luckily it was okay. Although I probably wouldn't use this on a daily basis, if I am outside in the snow, rain, doing yard work or water sports, this is a definite addition to my accessories. Easy to use, held up to my testing in a minimal submersion and nice to have the visible window.  When your phone can cost $200-$600 to replace, this is an investment you can't afford to pass up.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and review.
1486 I love Ravensburger puzzles because they are usually a higher quality than many. This is a great puzzle with a ton of detail. I love being able to pick up a piece and find the exact location that it belongs.  I do have to say that this puzzle came with 6 duplicate pieces and 2 missing pieces. I thought this was a pretty unusual and difficult thing to have happen but it has. I've emailed Ravensburger to see what they will do. Obviously I can throw the duplicates away but I can't create the missing pieces. If they don't make it right, I'll be back to lower my review.  UPDATE: It took a little bit of time (obviously they were swamped after the holidays) but Ravensburger got back to me and asked me to send the UPC code from the box to them and they would replace the puzzle. Fair enough and a good solution.
1487 I run my own graphic design company so screen color is really important. Even though I understand my screen is not the only way to proof color, it makes a difference in overall layout balance and visual design. Being able to calibrate my screen is great for giving me the confidence that I am close in what I see to true color.  When it gets done calibrating, it shows before and after. Even though the before may look more appealing - brighter and whiter - it is not really the way the screen should be.  The software reminds you when it is time to recalibrate, based on time, because screens can go out of calibration slowly.  The Spyder comes with a nice little stand for keeping it out of the way but easy to reach. It runs through the calibration in a couple of minutes.  I've never tested it against anything, I guess I assume that Datacolor has done that and I don't have the equipment to do it anyway. Until I realize that I'm off in my calibrations, I have to assume that it is doing a good job.  Very easy to use.
1488 I understand why there are over 3,000 reviews for this story. I can't believe I had never heard of it until I stumbled across it while browsing for Kindle books. My son said that many of his friends had read it so I downloaded it for us both to read. He devoured it in a day (on his 12th birthday no less and the main character is a "twelve"). It took me a couple of days but only because of time constraints. However, once I started, I couldn't wait to get back to the story every time I had to leave it sitting.  This is one of the most unique stories I've read in a long time. Imagine such a world where there is no color, no choice, no love, just complete compliance. Jonas is a wonderful main character and carries the story well.  I really liked the imagination that went into creating this perfect world while illustrating that we can't have love without loneliness, we can't have joy without pain, and would we really be happier if the frustration of choices were taken away from us.  I love this story so much, I've download three more books by Lois Lowry and can't wait to get to them.  Oh, my son loved the story as well and I'm hoping that he found it something to think about. It certainly opened up some discussion between us as I read it.
1489 I like a case that I feel secure about but that doesn't add a ton of weight and thickness. This one is good. It has a great rubber edge for protection during an accidental drop and also enough of a lip that the screen isn't hitting the floor (unless it hits an uneven object at an angle). The honeycomb design is really cool and the accent black edges are nice and keep it professional looking. It fits like a glove and has all the right openings for ports.  I've used an Urban Armor case on a past phone and it held up well and a great job. A sample was provided for review.
1490 We've wanted a large wall clock on our family room wall that is open to the top beam. So the ceiling is high and peaks in the middle.  It took us a long time to look and decide but this is the clock we ended up with. And we are very happy. It has a large, clear face with separate batteries for the pendulum and clock. I love the pendulum movement. It just adds that little extra to the feeling of the clock.  It is VERY QUIET. I tend to sit right below it and I can't hear it at all.  When we originally opened it, the hands, which are very thin metal, would not clear the face and grazed the surface. With patience and care, I was able to realign them to a good position and the clock works great.  We paired it up with the mantle clock that had a similar appearance,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Howard-Miller-645-636-Diane-Table-Clock/dp/B001CPG7OA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Howard Miller 645-636 Diane Table Clock</a>&nbsp;so that we had a quick read clock at eye level.  I put some pictures in customer images to show the size of the clock on the wall.
1491 I would give this 5 stars, and it's awfully close to it, but one of the glass pieces was scratched. It's easy enough to hide it by putting that part closest to the wall. The tables are heavy and the glass is super thick. Assembly was fairly easy, it comes with allen wrenches for tightening parts. I recommend not tightening the legs until you have the wooden shelf in place. Then go back and tighten everything. Otherwise, it is almost impossible to line up the wooden shelf and the screw holes.  Once finished, it is classy looking. We have ours in my office lobby. It definitely adds some sparkle to the place.
1492 These are great! So easy to use and quick to 'install'. There are two in the pack, one red, one white. The lights are encased in a removable silicone shell that has a wrap around loop to go around the bike's handlebars or rear bar.  The lights are either off/strobe flashing/all flashing/ or on completely. Easy to turn on and off and easy to change out the batteries. It requires three AAA batteries (not included).  They are bright and make riding at dusk or night so much safer.  I was provided a sample for testing and review.
1493 While these come at a hefty price tag for rubber boots, they are great in construction. They are an all in one - no chance of leaking - boot. Seamless. I'm sure they had seams but they've been coated with rubber all over so there is no way for water to get in. We live in an area with some rather boggy spots. My son loves to go walking through them and inevitably, comes in with soaking wet boots or sneakers. These are a great way to get through it for hours without getting wet feet. If you have a larger calf, there is no way to adjust the sides but for most men, these will offer enough leg space.
1494 These are super suctioned swim goggles that are easy to put on and provide instant contact and airtight viewing.  The strap is fairly easy to adjust (like any goggle) and the UV protection is great, especially when we keep learning more about what the sun can do to our eyes. I have the silver set which is sharp and clean looking. It comes nicely packaged in a hard plastic case.  The mirrored surface slightly dims the light quality but not so much that things are hard to see.  A great pair of goggles at just the right price.
1495 I agree with some of the other reviewers in that this eats up battery power. It seems like I put new batteries in and after a couple of uses the "Battery" notice comes up. There are a lot of choices for upper/lower case, shadow, bold, outline, etc. It is fairly easy to navigate around and find menus.  The labels seem to last but don't overstick if you need to remove them. I use them on office boxes, storage containers, my iPod, camera, and anything else that you would have grabbed a sharpie to try and mark with a note.  I'm very happy and find more uses all the time.
1496 These are so bargain basement that I wouldn't even say they were worth buying. I'm sure the dollar store might have better quality. These are not heavy. Although they are cardstock, they are the thinnest possible cardstock.  The printed lines are fuzzy and pencil does not erase well.  They will not work well as flashcards or study cards since any frequent use and they'll just bend and get soft.
1497 While this is not the super soft microfiber blankets I have come to know and love for curling up on a chilly day, it isn't meant to be that kind of blanket. It is meant as a car throw for picnics, games, or whatever. It has a dense weave and is pretty heavyweight so it won't blow away too easily. The pattern and color are nice, soft and pleasant. It's made in India and is machine washable.
1498 I love this. I park outside all year long and I live in the northeast so we get frost, ice and snow often in the winter. I also get up at 6:00 am and drive my son to the school bus (over half a mile away) so I need to be able to see out my window quickly. I hate when I go out and there is frost or snow crusted on the windshield which leaves me the choice of scraping it off or going out early to warm up the car. Neither is a great option.  I love having this on my windshield. It fits my Toyota Sienna perfectly and covers all of the window. I keep it in place by hooking a loop over each side mirror. I live in the woods so I don't have to worry about anyone taking it. I'm sure you can lock the straps into the car door to keep it from being grabbed.  It's heavy duty and seems like it will last a long time. It also has two rods, one on each end, to stop it from collapsing down the window. It comes with a carry/storage case too. All big pluses. So far so good and I'm sure I'll be even happier throughout the winter as it comes into more and more use. Sample provided for review.
1499 This is a super easy can opener to use. It is nicely designed and perfect for anyone but especially someone with a handicap or arthritis. It requires four AA batteries (not included) and it's ready to go. It sits on the can differently than most openers. The larger silver knob sits to the outside and once in position, you just push the button and it goes. Around and around until you push again and it stops. You could put the can on the counter and watch it work on its own as well. When it's done, it has a magnetic piece that lifts the lid up out of the can.  My only caveat is that the can lid can have really sharp and sometimes ragged edges so be extra careful taking it off to throw it away.  It is easy to hold and a great addition to any kitchen. Although you can't submerse it, you can wipe the blade and turner with a wet kitchen rag or sponge.  I was provided a sample for testing and review.
1500 My son plays banjo, guitar and ukulele. He has capos for each. This one works great for him. Stays put and does the job. And it's so tiny!
1501 I've read plenty of Jodi Picoult's books and have been a fairly true fan. I was a little disappointed with this set of very short stories though.  First of all, I know they are called Short Pieces but they are really short -- about 30 minutes of reading at the most. Second, the first story was heartbreaking but really just briefly skimmed the surface of a very difficult topic. Since it was a story about losing a daughter, the same age as mine, I was somewhat relieved that it wasn't longer because I had a lot of trouble getting through what was there - it was just too close to home.  The letter to her son was nice, probably echoed the thoughts of many mothers but again, was very short which gave the impression of not being very deep (with no offense to the obvious love that was present within the words of the letter).  The third story was what so many mother's wish they could do, run off to a hotel (on the other side of the country though?) to prove to their family that they are being taken for granted. Again, the story was so short and the theme really needed a longer, deeper telling.  Overall, they are good ideas but just too short to give them justice.
1502 This is such a great idea. This USB to micro USB (which seems to be an industry standard these day) has a built in four bar light meter that shows how much power is in your device. For example, when I have my Samsung Galaxy S4 phone plugged in at 60% power left, the USB portion of the plug shows two bars and the other two flashing. It makes it nice to have a visual of battery power instead of turning my phone on and looking at the battery icon onscreen.  The cable is nice, just about the right length for conveniently located plugs or a desk. Not as long as I like to have a cable at a chair charging area since I like to be on my phone sometimes while its charging and a longer cord, in that instance, makes it easier.  However, the plugs are solid and it works well charging a multitude of devices. It does not charge at the fast rate as my original cable but it does charge at the same rate as my other generic USB cables.  I was provided a sample for testing and review.
1503 This is a cute and nicely made set of silverware. The pieces have a solid feel, nice balance in your hand and a very smooth finish. I had one large spoon with some scratches on the end before I even used it though.  They wash up nicely by hand or in the dishwasher. The owl imprint is clean and sweet but may not be for everyone. It is not a small design so it is definitely something that is prominent in the appearance.  This is only a set for four so you will probably need two of them to have enough for the average household.
1504 We live deep in the woods. A day with deer in the yard, summer, winter, spring or fall, is the norm. However, in the winter, I could spray arsenic on our shrubs and the deer would still eat it. They get hungry in the dark of winter and eat holly bushes, evergreens, rhododendrons, and anything else no matter how close it is to the house.  So Deer Off helps to deter them. For awhile. But not forever. But we are the exception I believe. It does seem to keep them off until they are really desperate or I just don't get out often enough to reapply. When we have 12" of snow and it's 20 degrees out, I'm not in the mood to fill my sprayer and go out to save the shrubs. Really, who would be? Is that the fault of Deer Off? No.  So I can tell you about this bottle. I've used a prepackaged spray bottle of Deer Off before. It was hard work to get it to cover all we needed treated, even if it was battery powered. It was like washing a car with a toothbrush.  At least with this, I can fill our four gallon sprayer and go to town. That means some additional work on my part to mix and measure and make sure the sprayer doesn't clog but it also gets the job done more efficiently in the long run.  I don't care about the bunnies. The squirrels stopped coming for tea when I ditched the bird feeders. It's really the deer that think we are an all you eat buffet. For now, they are surrounded by a plush forest full of fresh plants. But all bets are off in December.
1505 I love a book that brings us down to our basic humanity. This story, written from the perspective of each character, is inspiring and heartfelt and shows just how much we can affect and change each other. Well worth reading.
1506 My four star rating is given based on the fact that this is teen fiction. If it was trying to pass as adult fiction I would say it was pretty trite. But I had fun reading it although I found a lot of the story pretty shallow. Ruby is just a little too spunky and eager to put herself in danger. The times that killings went on and life just kind of went back were hard to believe. And the situations that occurred over and over were also very incredulous. However, Ruby is a likeable character, has some witty lines, and could certainly be seen as a heroine (not a roll model I hope) to teens who are looking to escape.
1507 These are pretty crystals at a great price. They look wonderful in my locket and the colors are pretty much as pictured. I love all the colors enough that I want to keep them all in instead of picking out family birthstones!  A nice set at an affordable price.
1508 I've always tried to slice mozzarella and other soft things with a knife but I end up shredding it more than anything. This is great for slicing anything softer, like cooked veggies, potatoes, and soft cheeses. It creates like-sized slices perfect for presentation in a dish or appetizer. It is easy to use and the metal frame is sure to hold up for many uses. This should not be used for hard or uncooked veggies since it will definitely break the wires.  Sample provided for review.
1509 This is a pretty ring albeit dainty and small. The 'stones' are small but pretty. For a ring in this price range it's fun. I put it next to diamonds and although it isn't quite the same, it can hold up to them for sparkle. The band is comfortable and just thick enough that it won't wear down.
1510 I've tried many, many stylus for my devices (Droid Incredible 4G, Kindle Fire, etc.) and have found that you can spend about $10 and get completely different quality levels. I've had some that are all plastic, others have a metal body but no way to keep it with your device. Others are a pen and stylus together.  What I like about this stylus is that it has a great weight balance in my hand. It feels 'just about right' since the body is made of metal. The clip is solid and keeps it clipped to the cover of my Kindle. The stylus body has grip ridges where your fingers rest so that they don't slip around on a super slick metal surface. The blue body is electric and bright and will stand out amongst your things if you often misplace stylus.  I did find that the rubber/hybrid stylus tip (which looks like a metal fiber mesh weave) has a much different feel on the screen. My Droid Incredible smart phone (no screen protector) seems to like it. My Kindle (with a screen protector) needs more pressure to make it work. Some apps were fine but others I had trouble getting it to be the right pressure. I switched back and forth between a rubber tip and this stylus and found that the rubber tip worked better overall for consistent input.  So although this has great features, it may not be the best selection. For this price however, it is worth the try since you may find it perfect for your device. I believe it comes down to your own tastes.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and review.
1511 I LOVE how compact this is and that it has no moving parts. This solid state drive is screaming fast and I'm amazed at how much it can hold for such a small device. I've transferred files and clocked speeds faster than 200 MBps. But most of the time, it is transferring at around 150 MBps. Even though that is super fast for me, I doesn't match the advertised speeds. I may not have been testing it in the right conditions though.  It is very compact and I like that it is shock resistant.
1512 These are really nice tools! They are thick and will not bend under a work load. The handles are sturdy and thick as well and have a great grip to them, even with the addition of dirty hands or gloves. They come in a nice box which will make a great presentation if given as a gift.  The longer, thinner spade has measurements on it for judging depth. These are large, sized tools and make gardening so much easier. Sample provided for review.
1513 I have a standard poodle that requires regular grooming with touch-ups in between. Since we don't do a fancy cut, it is better for us to just groom her at home (and at $65 a haircut, it is much less expensive too.)  The problem is that a poodle's skin is very thin and cuts easily with the shears. So there are places that using scissors is the only way to trim safely.  These shears are the perfect answer. I use them in her ears, around her eyes, and around her feet - anywhere that I need a clean cut with a safe edge. The rounded tips make it so much easier to trim especially around her eyes.  They are very sharp and easy to open and close.
1514 I found this to be an engaging story (no need to rehash the details. I especially found the voice of the kids, where often felt tossed aside by the foster care system, to have a voice and a strength. However, it does seem to condone criminal activity amongst the kids and some of the adults around them. I'm not so sensitive as to think that kids can't tell right from wrong but depending on the maturity of the child reading it, that should be noted. It was fast-paced and could be a little scary at times for a younger child. I would put it at a 4th grade and up reading level. I did find the character names and switch around of who was good or bad to get slightly confusing at times but maybe my mind was drifting a bit.
1515 This is a great set of Halloween items for a party, teacher, or any other group that needs incentives or prized related to the Halloween holiday.  The amount of items is great and the variety is enough that everyone should be able to find something they like. My 10-year old daughter had a fun time trying everything out especially the tattoos. The cost may be a little prohibitive but if you go to a party store and pick up everything individually, it will add up quickly. This is great because they've already done all the grouping for you.  I was provided a sample for review.
1516 My son is a huge LEGO fan but not one to buy into every theme set. He loves the creator series, mini figs and is now into the architecture series.  So this book is great for giving background and history on LEGOS with tons of pictures, fun facts and building suggestions. There is also a lot of great information about the mini figs that all kids seem to be fascinated by.  A great book set for the LEGO fan in your house.
1517 This is a basic, foldable storage container. It pops open easily enough and stays fairly firm. The outside is a deep black fabric and the inside is white fabric. I like the handle for pulling it out as well.
1518 We've trusted in Black Flag for years to get rid of wasps and other flying insects. Having said that, this bait station is solidly made, easy to fill and comes at a much better price than calling an exterminator. We live in the country and every fall, the mice look for a new place to hide out for the cold months. While we try to get most in a snap trap for a quick and (hopefully) painless kill, there are some that are more savvy that need to be treated with bait. Having a good solution to put out, even outside along the perimeter of the house, is helpful for getting the last of the critters. It's hard to tell if this is working but I can say that they have been nibbled on.
1519 I love these kinds of lipstick chargers. While they are really only good for a single full charge before needing to be charged up again, that is enough if you are running out and just want a little back-up in case your power runs down. The size is easy enough to slip into a pocket as well. I like the round feel of it and the fact that, just in case I need a flashlight, I have it at the ready. I often go out walking later in the evening. I toss this into a pocket and know that if it gets dark while I'm out, I have a little illumination while on the go as well as some extra power in case my phone runs down.  You can't expect this to be as powerful as the bigger banks like a 13000mAh. For the price, it is just enough as a quick resource. The solid metal body will hold up to some abuse.  Sample provided for review.
1520 Graters can certainly be bought for cheap at the local box store. But you get what you pay for. This is a super sharp grater with the added benefit of having a closed bottom. I love this feature because I am usually trying to grate things over a bowl or plate and inevitably, get it everywhere. The bottom is fully removable for cleaning or if you want to grate over a bowl or pan. Some things to point out: the handle (on mine it is slightly different than the photo) is a completely seamless round grip with all edges soldered closed and filed smooth. This is also made in Germany and has really nice craftsmanship. And it is safe to put in a dishwasher as well.  Sample provided for review.
1521 CinderElla, one of a series of old fairy tales with a new outlook, is a pretty good 'gentler' interpretation of the old tale. For the most part, the story is engaging and interesting. The illustrations, like all of those in this series, are a little amateurish but for kids, still tell the tale well.  I'm not sure that the original CinderElla was too disturbing, unless the idea of a pumpkin turning into a coach is offsetting. But this version actually addresses the death of CinderElla's mother, which I found a little difficult in its approach, "Ella, mommy is going away, I will be out of sight but remember, I will always be watching over you." Then she 'fell into a deep sleep that carried her away to Heaven.' This is the only hitch in an otherwise good retelling. It just seems a little confusing from a child's perspective.  The rest of the tale includes CinderElla wanting to be 'her mother's daughter. In the end she feels that way and all is good in the kingdom.  In interesting twist of a story with quite a bit of substance at 30 pages of text.
1522 I was pleasantly surprised to see that these pieces were finely crafted plastic with cool 'hinges' for the corners.  All the pieces are numbered and it's important to put them in number order because there are many pieces that fit in multiple places but unless you go in number order, you can be out of luck as you finish up a row. There were a few pieces that the number imprint was impossible to read so those waited until we had holes to fill in.  The pieces can be pushed together on a flat surface so they are smooth on the outside. But when you bend the corners (and I tried it both ways, bend the pieces and then assemble or bend the assembled parts) the other pieces can pop out of place. Eventually, it all goes together.  My 13 year old son and I worked on this together and it went up quickly. There are two plastic frames that help to put the different levels together (where the clock face sticks out and the tower top adds in).  This is a pretty small puzzle when assembled, less than a foot tall. But it was fun overall even though it was frustrating at times.  Ravensburger makes quality puzzles and as a leader in the industry, I'm not sure if there is a better way to do a puzzle corner. These are solid, just awkward at times.
1523 When I was in college, I took an abstract course about symbolism and meaning. It was pretty far out there and we read into things in depth. This book reminded me a little of that course in that the author wants us to question and examine things to determine what we can do to change things around us. It gets pretty philosophical at times as well and introspective. It also has humor and and a pretty easy writing style.  If anything, it will ask you to reflect a little on yourself and how you fit in this world.
1524 This review is for the 4 Disc Combo Pack. My children and I saw Up in the theatre not only on a regular screen but also in 3D. I probably preferred the regular viewing since 3D is harder to watch when you already wear glasses.  The movie itself is exquisite. It is for the young and old and like all Pixar movies, is done so well we forget that these are animations and not real people.  The characters are rich in emotion and personality and the storyline is creative.  It is a must see movie for everyone and a great one to watch over and over.  The 4 Disc Combo Pack was a great deal for us. We do not currently own a Blu-Ray player but plan on getting one soon. The nice thing about this pack is that we have a DVD disk to use for now and the digital copy that went on my iPod.  When we purchased this set, it was less money than just getting the two disk DVD set.
1525 I like these headphones and found that the wood may help to create a better sound (it's hard to know what is really doing it). The build of them is not super impressive, the headband is a lightweight plastic with a smooth finish and doesn't give off any high end feel. I found it odd that the headphones are not wired through and must be connected on both sides by the audio cable. The ear padding is really soft and comfortable and the headphones collapse completely for easy storage. The band folds in half as well and the earphone parts folding.  The sound is good, especially in this price range and the headphones were comfortable to wear for extended periods.  I was provided a sample to test and review.
1526 This little scale is about the size of a small, pocket calculator. And it comes with a carry sleeve that makes it look like one as well.  It has a clear, hinged lid that can be taken off and used as a tray. The scale will zero out with something on top of it so you don't have to worry about measuring and deducting the weight of a tray or small bowl.  Measurements can be made in grams (g), ounces (oz), troy ounce (ozt), pennyweight (dwt), metric grain (gn) and carat (ct). It can be calibrated, and it is expected of you to calibrate, but it requires a precise 500 gram weight. I only have 10g weights. Although it appears to be pretty accurate, if I was weighting jewels or precious metals, I would definitely take the time to properly calibrate it. It measures to two decimal places.  It is convenient to carry and the perfect tool to take with you while antiquing, jewelry shopping, coin collecting, or even measuring for postage. It is easy to use and the display is clear.  I was provided a sample for review.
1527 This was not a nice book to read. It is hard to read, dirty, gritty, nasty, and describes a world I hope I never have to know first hand. However, I recently had a very close acquaintance just come through a heroin addiction and I wanted to try and understand more about it. I hope he never got close to the situations that Michael found himself in.  Besides being very difficult to read, purely for the content, reality, and honesty, it was engaging and heartbreaking. It told of a world that so many suffer through and very few get out of. It was up and down and up and down as he tried to quit over and over. It was never really joyful since the addiction was always calling him back, no matter what he tried, how he committed himself, how much he hated himself for it.  It took a lot of suffering from not only Michael but his family and close friends to get through to the ultimate end of recovery (and I'm not giving anything away, I think it would be hard to write and sell a book on heroin addiction as you sit wasted in a corner).  It was a difficult and honest book, not for a lighthearted read but definitely for anyone who is suffering from an addiction, knows someone suffering, or works with those suffering.
1528 Purchased this as a gift from my kids and had it sent directly to my dad and wife. So I actually haven't seen it in person but have seen it in a photo. It seems smaller than I would imagine but they were pleased and put it up on the wall so everyone who enters the house can see it. I personally like the part about grandchildren welcome, parents by appointment. Kind of gives the kids a feeling of importance over their parents.
1529 These are great for keeping your hanging earrings from falling out. I've lost way too many nice earrings this way.  These are a very soft rubber and go on easy. Some backs are very tight and can bend earrings as you try to put them on. These are much softer and easy to manipulate.
1530 I am so happy that I took the time to look through this. It is packed full of great reviews and details on a ton of Kindle apps. It takes a long time to download and try out apps, especially if you plan on having your kids play with them. Mr. Middleton had done a wonderful job of trying out a bunch of apps, only including the ones that he thinks are worthwhile, and giving us quick and easy to get through details about each app. I know what my pet peeves are with apps so it's easy enough when he lists the pros and cons for each one to see if there is a con I just won't tolerate. These are broken down by category with age ranges and a grade. I read through what was pertinent to me in a matter of half an hour and since I was reading on my Kindle, I was able to download apps as I read about them.  Worth every penny.
1531 A long time ago, my kids and I used to play a computer game called Q-Beez. It had stacking cubes, just like these, that you had to find sets of colored Q-Beez and clear them from the stack. It was so much fun. It's exactly what I was thinking of when I saw this game.  However, this is a different game altogether but just as fun.  The goal is to match the faces in a stack as quickly as possible. Everyone has to try and make the same stack. The first round with my kids and I and my thought was that this was so easy. Just put them in order. But the second round made me realize that there are two faces on each cube and you need to get the right combination of cubes to have all the options open for completing the stack. This puts a more difficult twist in the game and made it more challenging. The goal is to win three cards by being the first to make the stack three times.  It can also get tricky to stack them because the bottoms are uneven do they can get wobbly when stacked. We've had fun playing and the fun lasts over multiple game sessions. I think it is a great game for younger kids, probably 12 and under. Sample provided for review.
1532 Easy to use and multifunctional, this makes thickening grass and cutting back on weeds a one step process. While it doesn't get all the garbage weeds in our badly infiltrated grass, it certainly helped to cut back on a lot while greening up the good parts.
1533 So here's my confession. I can't make this work well. After reading the glowing reviews of others on how well this works, I have to admit that I just haven't figured out the nuances of doing this right.  I have tried multiple flower types and either they stay too damp or they get brown and yucky. I will continue to try but I feel like I'm just not getting the timing of the microwave.  I think it is a great idea and the product is well made and easy to use (comparatively...) so I will soldier on and keep trying.  If anyone has suggestions or tips, send me a comment! I'm open to all ideas from you successful flower pressers!
1534 If you love angel food cake or even recipes that require an angel food baking pan, this is a wonderful one to use. It is really high quality. It is heavy, nothing thin and bendy like some pans I've seen. It has a seamless outer edge but does have a very small seam on the inside where the interior cone attaches. This can get caked with batter but a good (gentle) scrub brush cleans it out very easily. It bakes really evenly and the cake slides out without issue.  Clean up is a breeze, even with the interior seam. This is also nicely labeled and would be perfect as the centerpiece in a kitchen set hostess or newlywed gift set.  Sample provided for review.
1535 I know this is an older model but I can't say that I like the newest Nano. My son had a 4GB third generation Nano that was perfect as a beginner iPod. But is is now filled and he needed something with more capacity. This was the best deal for the amount of memory and the ease of use.  It is a large model but I have a 120GB classic and although it is heavy, it is not too bad to lug around.  So, this was the next best step for us and came at a good price per GB of memory.  Works great but is heavy and large.
1536 While this isn't as good as the regular Swiss Miss hot cocoa, it is still pretty good considering it is a 25 calorie drink. My kids use Swiss Miss (regular) hot cocoa all the time but my daughter didn't like this and while I understand that children don't need 'diet' drinks, if there is a way to eliminate some sugar from their drinks, I'm all for it. This is a nice way for an adult to have a chocolatey drink without all the calories.
1537 My package arrived with all parts safe. It's an incomplete "starter kit'. In other words, it doesn't have a ton of stuff with it. But it does include the tank, heater, lid with built-in lights (really bright), filter and a net. You'll needs rocks and decorations which can be a rather personal choice that it makes sense to leave them out.  If you are looking for a tank to have a long-lasting and varied set-up, you might want to buy your pieces separately. That way you can get the lighting needed for full spectrum, a filter with a little more power, and a thermometer with a little more sensitivity.  As a starter, (as is the title), it's not bad and it can be adapted as you decide you need better components.
1538 I really enjoyed reading this book. Once I started, I was hooked and couldn't stop until it was done less than a day later.  It is a quick read and kept me enthralled till the end.  The style of writing is great, a combination of narration by the main character, Annie, as told to her therapist in the present tense, coupled with storytelling as the events from the past unfolded. The switching of style never got in the way of the story and the writing was well done. It is an easy style of writing, very conversational which is why it was an easy and comfortable read.  The plot is unique and terrifying. The personality changes of Annie as she is held captive are believable and much of the story is a great study in what happens to someone in such a highly controlled and institutional environment. This could easily have gone the wrong way if we couldn't connect with Annie's struggles.  The insight into the victim's life after release was amazing. I found myself thinking about so many of the highly publicized stories of others that had been held for days, months or years. It is easy to forget that the healing process is a long and hard one and just because someone is back in safety, doesn't mean that they have any sense of security.  My only criticism is that just past the midway point, the story got a little far fetched and started sounding like a Lifetime Channel movie. The plot stretched just a little too much. But, it was still a good story and extended the initial concept further.  An easy read, great for the summer or a long airplane ride.
1539 I really like the vibrancy and bold pattern in this area rug. It looks just about as vibrant in person as it does in the product photo. It has a built-in rubber backing so it doesn't slid on a smooth surface. It arrives rolled up so it will need to lay for a little bit to go completely flat. It makes a nice statement in a smaller room. I would say that the only drawback is that it seems to be a little overpriced. The quality is good but I wouldn't put it at top notch. However, I haven't purchased rugs for awhile so I may be naive  about the cost of a good rug these days.
1540 We needed a way to attach a large number of wooden items to a display. These were the perfect solution. Easy to peel backing allowed us to place the sticky on while getting them ready. The green cover stayed in place until we needed to remove it for final placement.  They are strong and stick to a variety of surfaces. I've used them for years and just used another 200 squares with complete satisfaction.  Just be careful as they will pull drywall paper off if stuck to painted walls.
1541 What I mean by the title is that there are some children's CD's that they love but grate on the nerves of adults. Most of Laurie Berkner's tunes are fun little diddy's to sing along with. Some can get a little tedious but for the most part, they are fun to play over and over. My kids really like them although they each have favorites.  We have another Laurie Berkner CD,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Victor-Vito/dp/B00004S36U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Victor Vito</a>, and I think that Victor Vito is preferred over Buzz Buzz - at least it seems to be in the CD player more often.  As an added note, my daughter likes to hear some of Laurie's tunes when they come on noggin (now nick jr.).
1542 Such a simple design but very useful. This sleeve is pretty basic with a fabric exterior, wrap cord for securing closed. I really like the wrap cord and charm. It adds that fun factor to the whole thing. This fits a slim tablet, mine is a 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note. But you can't keep a cover on it at all. Which is why you need the sleeve. It has just enough padding to help protect but I'm sure it wouldn't be enough in a drop on a hard floor. It is not floppy at all and is stiffened by something built into the case. Sample provided for review.
1543 I was looking for a little more flavor for my rice and thought this might perk it up a bit. We tend to cook basmati rice on a regular basis and my kids like to add soy sauce (a practice my husband passed on) which I disagree with. I think good rice can taste great on its own paired with a good meal. But sometimes it's nice to have a little more pizazz. I usually Knorr products, soups, seasoned rice packets, etc. and have recently tried the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Knorr-Rice-Sides-Creamy-Chipotle-5-4-Ounce-Pack-of-12/dp/B00A4ASPWG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Knorr Rice Sides, Creamy Chipotle, 5.4 Ounce (Pack of 12)</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Knorr-Rice-Sides-Creole-Garlic-Butter-5-5-Ounce-Pack-of-12/dp/B00A4ASPXU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Knorr Rice Sides, Creole Garlic Butter, 5.5 Ounce (Pack of 12)</a>&nbsp;and enjoyed them (although they too have a lot of sodium but they also have a better depth of flavor).  This product is a disappointment. Too much salt, not enough additional flavor.
1544 I am not the kind of woman that can wear little bikini panties or thongs. So I need a panty that is lightweight, comfortable and stretches when it needs to.  These have been my favorite for many years and I continue to go back to them again and again.  The fabric is so soft and the edges are non-binding and don't dig in. They don't ride up and they 'barely' leave any lines on dress pants or tighter fitting clothes.  They wash up very nicely and only after well over a year, do they start to loose some elasticity and softness. Plenty of lifespan in my book.
1545 This 10 port hub has a nice design in that it sits on an angle for plugging in and taking off USB cables. It seems to work well with most of my devices, charging powerbanks and my phone, running a portable scanner, etc. It runs off of a power cable so it is not USB powered like some smaller hubs but since this is powering 10 slots, it needs the power.  Overall, a decent USB hub with a nice brushed aluminum finish.  Sample provided for review.
1546 This has done well as a back-up cable for an iPod Nano. It's always tough to keep it going with just one cable. Inevitably, I take one along in the car and then forget that I put it there. This is great for leaving in the car or packing for a day trip. It feels the same as original cable, rubbery with good connections. It's a good enough price to buy extras for the office or whatever. Sample provided for review.
1547 Marley is having a rough summer already and it's only the beginning. Her parents are getting a divorce and living apart. She's living with her dad for the summer and finds out all too quickly that not only is she lined up to babysit two children every day, but her dad doesn't have a working computer or internet access.  Marley is stuck between childhood and becoming a teenager and is struggling with the responsibilities and changes with her family, friends and daily life.  But luckily, there is a sweet boy next door that brings a little sunshine into her difficult days.  I like this story and found that Marley's internal dialogue reminded me of my childhood.  I found the story dragging a little in the middle but it was a sweet tale of growing up, summer loves, and family struggles. I especially liked the gentle nature of her family, even in times of distress.  A nice read for a young girl.
1548 I've had the benefit of trying out a number of Brainwavz earphones. I have a pair that I've used for quite some time with my Kindle Fire and phone.  This set of earphones is wonderful. Not only in the sound quality but the packaging and details. So let's start with the sound. The quality is very detailed and crisp. Vocals are superb and there is just enough bass. I've tried them with a lot of different genres and all have sounded wonderful.  The build of the earphones is also great. They have a flat wire with reinforces plugs and connections. The plug end is a little thick so it doesn't always connect to my phone port with a case on.  This comes with a great hard-shell, zippered case. It has two pockets inside and a Velcro strap for holding the earphones all wrapped up. There are enough bud tips to meet the need of anyone - 9 pairs in all with one of them being compressed foam - my personal favorite. There is also a clip for keeping it in place.  I love these and think they would make for a nice gift presentation as well.  Sample provided for review.
1549 What I really like about this case is that I can slip it into a clipped holder. There are times I go walking without a pocket but I want my phone with me. An S7 Edge is a little large and heavy to be in an arm band so I tend to clip it to my waistband. This case fits really nicely and slides in the holster easily. The only drawback is that the sides are sleek and it's hard to feel where the buttons are. Once you know where they are, they work well but there isn't a big enough bump on the side to make it quick and easy to feel.
1550 My 5-year-old daughter picked this up at a Scholastic warehouse event. She loves it! She loves to look through the pictures and try to figure out the ingredients and directions (without being able to read yet). It has a variety of recipes from breakfast items to lunch/dinner, snacks, and drinks and desserts. There is a glossary of cooking terms in the back and it has a sturdy lay-flat binding and heavy duty wipeable cover. We have made a number of the items (very easy) and it had given me the opportunity to introduce basic cooking techniques to her. She loves that she has her own set of measuring spoons (pink no less). The recipes and ingredients are simple but tasty and definitely geared to appeal to children and their attention span.
1551 I have a bronze/olive pallor. This has a real orange tone to it. It was really noticeable and I'm not sure what skin tone would benefit best. The compact is nice. It has a pop open bottom for the applicator and a mirror. Other than the color, the powder is soft and goes on easily. It doesn't feel heavy or too dry.  It's just orange.
1552 I've had these on one of my trees now for awhile. They look really pretty and are moderately bright. Because they are solar powered, they are not as bright as if you plugged them into a power outlet but it's nice to be able to put them in places that I can't get electric to. I like having a bunch of different solar lights all over my yard because it looks so pretty when I drive up. This is a long length and can cover some good distance. They are pretty easy to thread around branches and stuff and the solar panel has a stake to keep it in the ground and position it. Sample provided for review.
1553 I read this as a novel about 10 years ago and it has haunted me since. It is so gruesome and horrific in its telling that I decided to download the Kindle version and reread it during a long day of airport travel. It kept me entrhalled to the end, even though I knew the outcome.  To imagine a story like this and better yet to think of the kids that volunteer for this walk is beyond comprehension. But the reasons behind their inclusion in this macabre event are questioned throughout the telling of the tale which is an obvious theme in the storytelling.  It is hard to read at times, it is hard to picture, and even harder to imagine being a mother and allowing your teenage son to enlist and begin this journey knowing that the odds of ever seeing him again were 99 to 1.  But the thing that is great about The Long Walk is the story of friendships and support between Walkers that ultimately have to come to end as each Walker "drops out" of the race.  I sometimes wish there was some more back-story on the political environment of this world but there are hints at times.  It always reminded me of Shirley Jackson's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Lottery/dp/0871292645/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lottery</a>, a short story about a town that holds an annual stoning of whichever resident "wins" the lottery. No one questioned why it was being done, it just was because that's the way it always was. A lesson to be learned by all that questioning things can sometimes be for the advancement of a society.
1554 I've been doing amateur photography for 30 plus years. I have a standard fold-out, expandable tripod that is just too bulky for most uses. This little device attaches to your camera and can either act as a stand alone tripod or can wrap its little bumpy arms around something else to hold itself in odd places. I used it on the back of a chair to photograph some fireworks. It worked great and allowed me to keep the camera still.  I coupled it with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PRO-SERIES-Equivalent-CANON-RS-60E3-Wireless-Remote-Switch-for-Digital-Rebel-T1i-T2i-Xsi-XS-XTi-XS-PowerShot-G10-G11-Digital-Cameras/dp/B002DW3A4G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PRO SERIES Equivalent CANON RS-60E3 Wireless Remote Switch for Digital Rebel T1i / T2i / Xsi / XS / XTi / XS & PowerShot G10 / G11 Digital Cameras</a>&nbsp;and I had complete hands free shutter control.  It is smaller than I thought it would be, only about 6" long so it will travel well in a smaller camera bag. I didn't think it would have enough power to hold up my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Canon-PowerShot-G11-10MP-Digital-Camera-with-5x-Wide-Angle-Optical-Stabilized-Zoom-and-2-8-inch-articulating-LCD/dp/B002LITT56/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Canon PowerShot G11 10MP Digital Camera with 5x Wide Angle Optical Stabilized Zoom and 2.8-inch articulating LCD</a>&nbsp;but it works great, has flexibility but a lot of tension to keep things in place.  I'm sure I'll be finding a lot more uses for it down the road.
1555 I have a ton of USB devices plugged into or charging off of my computer. This device is really flexible in many ways to meet the demands of my system. It is solid and has a flat bottom so it sits nice and firmly on my desktop. All ports face up and each has an LED light that turns on when in use so it is really easy to see what is plugged in and easy as well to drape the cords away from your desktop.  It has a two part power plug which keeps a big transformer off of my already loaded power strip. It works great with charging, data transfer and powering everything from my keyboard/mouse receiver to calibration devices and external hard drives. It performed flawlessly and quickly (although I didn't measure data transfer rates, it certainly did not hitch up or seem to take too long).  A compact but powerful design and a great way to add 9 more USB ports to my computer (you take up one by plugging this into a USB port on your computer).  I was provided a sample for testing and review.
1556 My son brings a laptop home from school everyday. It is small but he has to use it to do some of his work. This is great for adding a larger monitor to it as an affordable price. I remember when I would spend $200-$900 on a monitor for my desktop computer. It is amazing to find one that is this affordable with such good quality.  The colors are good and the resolution is wonderful. There are lots of controls for adjusting the picture to your liking. Picture centering, color settings like warm, cool or user defined. You have control over red, green and blue tones as well as brightness. You can tilt the monitor but you cannot adjust the height. The base is solid and doesn't feel like it will tip over easily.  It comes with an audio cable and an VGA cable. It is also plug and play but comes with an installation disc. This is great as a second monitor as well if you like to have two side-by-side. I was provided a sample for testing.
1557 Losing a pet is so hard. But having a little something that you can wear to remind you of your close bond is a great thing. Not everyone gets their pet cremated so this doesn't have to hold just ashes. It can have a few strands of hair as well. The top unscrews and there is a very small opening to put whatever memento you want inside. It is difficult to get anything in the tiny hole but if you have a small funnel (very small) or you want to use a thin piece of paper to curl it into a funnel, that helps. It just takes a little finagling to get it in and it must be fairly fine ash.  Once in, the top screws back on and has a rubber seal to keep it tightly shut. It might take a bit to arrive so keep that in mind if you are giving it as a gift. It comes with a long chain as well. Shiny and nicely finished. Sample provided for review.
1558 I really wanted to love this. And parts of it are wonderful and funny. But I found myself thinking over and over that too much of this was forced. While I got it, I could related to a lot of it, there were things so specific, that carried on and on, that they became monotonous. Funny to an extent but forced and boring at times.
1559 I've been using this now for well over a month on my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet. At first, I was worried about how well it would work because the way it holds the tablet in is not a firm edge but a series of rubber cutouts that stretch. But I had nothing to worry about and it has performed beautifully.  The case is solid and has a professional and elegant look to it. Nothing bends unexpectedly, especially under the weight of my tablet. The case is firm but doesn't add a lot of weight.  The way this attaches is unique. I've never seen this method before but attached to the back cover is a silicone plate with varying crescent moon cutouts in the corners. You use these to stretch out to each corner to attach and hold your tablet. They don't get in the way of any viewing, they don't rub or pop off and they actually give the tablet a little shock absorbancy if it is jostled.  I also really like the rotating feature. I've had cases that do this in the past and it allows for keeping my tablet covered while charging since the charging port is at the bottom. The rotating feature is smooth and easy.  Lastly, this allows for any viewing angle you want. There are no set ridges for the tablet to prop into. It is all based on friction. And it works really well, I don't get slips or shifts like other cases.  I'm really impressed with the design of this even though at first glance I was skeptical that it would work well. I also have a smaller one on my Kindle Fire and it has worked just as well.
1560 This power bank comes with the bank and a USB to micro USB cable. It has four LED indicator lights that tell you how much power is left, which helps when you've used it a few times. It did fine charging my smartphone, iPod and Kindle (I had to use my own iPod charging cable). It has two USB ports so you can charge two items at one time. It charges quickly, about the same as using an outlet and allows me multiple charges (not all from zero battery though) until it needs to be charged up again.  The only thing that is odd is that it will only work when powered on but the power button is 'hidden'. It is on the top panel, around the middle of the four charging lights and towards the edge. Silly as it sounds, I only knew this when I read someone else's review.  Other than that, it is a fine charger for the price range and power capacity.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1561 This is not a story that fits into any traditional story script. You cannot predict what will happen nor are there any heart racing moments that create a page turning saga.  But it is a wonderfully intellectual story about two people who are deeply affected by events in their childhood. Mattia and Alice seem to be destined for each other but are so broken and unable to realize what they want or to communicate their desires that they just can't make a relationship work in the traditional sense. What you realize as you continue reading is their relationship, even though they are countries apart, is still there in their hearts and their minds.  This is not a story with neat and tidy explanations. There are events that start and never finish but are left to your imagination to fill in the blanks. This story does not have lots of happy, warm fuzzy moments but it is a great book to read because of the depth of the characters and the intricacies of their thoughts and relationships with the world around them.  I was amazed knowing that this was a translated version. I commend Shaun Whiteside for seeming to capture the true essence of the book in his translation.  It is well worth reading but may not fit into the traditional quick read and easy plot that some look for in a bestseller.
1562 I've been using this monitor now for about a week. I needed a good monitor to do graphic design work in a client's office. What they had was pitiful but I didn't have the room (or funds) to buy a really big monitor.  This has been good, especially in this price range. It's big but not so much that it takes over a desk. It has a very crisp picture and hooks up using an HDMI cable (provided). There are other hook-up options though. I didn't need an install disk, it was plug and play, Windows 10 system.  The monitor is adjustable in height and has a firm base. It came with the brightness turned all the way up. Way too bright, so I easily adjusted that.  Bottom line, this monitor has been good so far for work/graphics tasks.
1563 This is a frank and sometimes funny look at what a first year doctor goes through. Matt is honest about his shortcomings, mistakes and relationships. He has a casual, easy way of writing although he, like many writers, must have taken some license in writing conversations that happened quite awhile ago. It is better to read it that way though than just a recounting of the events as he remembers them.  It also reminds us that doctors, that we sometimes expect to act as gods, make mistakes, doubt themselves, need input from others, and have their own opinions of us as people. We make a difference to them as well.  An easy and entertaining read and worth the time.
1564 My 11 year old daughter has had fun with this kit. It actually works although it is a little limiting. It comes with shapes for making window clings or you can shape your own using the clay (provided). This was harder than it seemed and my daughter ended up using the premade shapes more than anything.  It is also important to use the correct mix of ingredients. If you want less color, and use less of it, it is not enough to solidify the gel and you end up with a rubbery mess. The clings she made have been stuck on our kitchen window now for almost a month and have held up. The whole unit stores with all parts on the base. A fun kit that won't last for months but certainly has some temporary wow factor.
1565 My first bite of these and I thought two things: these are really buttery tasting and they are really dry. So they taste really good and have a definite kick of butter flavor. Not too salty but just enough. But they are also a bit dry so make sure you have something to drink when eating them. Overall, they are good and a nice snack.
1566 The Enchanted Flounder is one story in a series of Gram's Fairy Tales - gentler rewrites of classic fairy tales. This version is pretty funny and teaches a moral lesson about wanting too much.  The poor husband is henpecked, downtrodden, and just plain walked all over. He needs to get a backbone but instead, continues to do his wife's bidding, pushing the boundaries of his newly formed relationship with the wish granting flounder.  The illustrations are pretty amateurish but the story telling is funny and nicely written.
1567 I've had this for quite awhile and still go back to it often.  It is full of a huge variety of games from board games to card games and a few other oddities.  There are two modes of play: Free play in which you can pick and choose just about all games (some are unlocked as you complete sections of the other mode of play). Stamp play in which you start with easy games (you don't get to pick) and have to work your way up, earning a stamp for each level you complete. If you cannot get through a particular game, there is no need to worry. You get a stamp for trying and after three stamps, you have completed that level. If you win, you get three stamps and advance immediately.  It saves your progress although there is not a way to keep more than one saved file.  Most games have three levels of play, easy, medium, and hard. There are a variety of skins for each game (normal, stone, paper, techno) but these are unlocked by playing and winning.  Some of my favorites are: backgammon, connect five, grid attack, Spades, Escape and Word Balloon. Some of the games do not offer much in the way of a challenge but are great for passing time and zoning out.  There are some duds like soda shake (although for some reason I keep doing it...) bowling (way too hard to do with a stylus) and darts.  This is not a game that builds excitement but is great for a doctor's waiting room, to de-stress after a busy day or just to better your score.
1568 This is a nice set for the casual (amateur) user. I tested them out on the Smart Weigh GEM20 High Precision Digital Milligram Scale 20 x 0.001g Reloading, Jewelry and Gems Scale and found that they were a little off to the thousandths place. For the most part, they weighed correctly, even the tiny milligram strips. The case holds it all and still has a slot (the largest one) that is empty - even thought the product photo shows it occupied. The rest are filled and the milligram pieces can be stored in the middle compartments with a plastic cover to help keep them in place. The tweezers are plastic but still very effective. Great for calibration of scales or basic measurements. Sample provided for review.
1569 This little set is cute and will make any little girl happy. It says it fits ages 2-9 but I think that is a stretch. I would put it at 2-5 at the most. Everything is elastic but the skirt and wings may be too snug for older children.  The tiara is plastic and will probably break fairly easily. Ours has not yet but we've had other tiaras of the same material and they are not made to last. The skirt is sweet and layered and the matching wings are a pink panty hose netting that may eventually snag but again, this happens to all wing sets I've had like this in the past. If kids are playing with it and having fun, then in my opinion, it doesn't matter. This would make for a sweet (and inexpensive in comparison) Halloween costume if you put a white or pink leotard underneath.  I was provided a sample for evaluation and review.
1570 While this is a quick read ( I did it in a morning) it will leave you with a lot to think about. There are so many things I love about this book. Aaron is faced with so many challenges but he is doing his best and works hard. I love his ethics and inner struggle and even more so, I love that although he has been struggling on his own for a long time, eventually, there is a kind soul who stands in as a good adult in his life and does the right thing.  I don't want to give too much away but let me say that where other books could have twisted and turned this for more of a plot twist, Mr. Gardner doesn't take advantage of the typical evil and misunderstanding that seems to creep into books and movies these days, just to prolong an issue. He gives Aaron a voice, a way out, and the kindness of others when he needs it most.  Not to mention the love and respect shown throughout the story about dealing with death and the grief of others.
1571 When I travel, I always think that my big, red, bag will stand out to me. I'll know it in a heartbeat. But I don't. When that luggage carousel starts up, every red bag seems to look like mine. Sometimes I tie a ribbon around it but a lot of people do that and baggage handling can easily tear that off as it runs through the long belts from one destination to another.  So having some other identifying item is really important. Shacke has a number of different designs so you can be sure that it is unlikely that others traveling on your day will have the same tag. The tag is large at over 2: x 4". The colors are vibrant and made of a raised rubber pattern that is not going to rub off or fade. The leather tag holder is secure and has a number of holes to tighten.  Inside is a reversible label that can either hide your identifying information or keep it visible. It slips out as long as the leather strap is not in place.  This zig zag design is really neat. Subtle but fun colors with a hint of 3-D bending. Personally, I love the combination of these colors, the soft mint green and orange look great. Each tag (there are two) is different so you have either two to choose from or one to put on multiple suitcases. They are very durable and can certainly withstand a beating while traveling along the miles of conveyor belts at an airport.  Sample provided for review.
1572 I love neoprene lunch bags. They are so easy to care for and so easy to carry. This bag is no exception. It is large enough for a single lunch in containers but also large enough for a day outing with a few drinks and snacks. It has a zippered top and I especially love the two large, circle handles that make it fun to carry. it has a different shape than some of the other neoprene bags which makes it a little more of a fashion standout. The polka dots are bright and fun and can be used for a child or adult. Neoprene is super easy to wash out as well and dries very quickly. Overall, a great bag with good capacity. Sample provided for review.
1573 I've thrown away many tampons that have been torn up floating around my pocketbook. This fits two tampons and stays closed and clean while in my pocketbook. It's just the right size.
1574 This phone holder is nice but has some limitations. Many of the larger phones are too heavy to use this, like mine unfortunately. The finish is nice and the functionality for a lighter weight phone is good. I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, and it is large and heavy. A smaller iPhone or other droid device should be fine. It also has some limitations based on the case you have on your phone. Sample provided for review.
1575 This is an impressive set of barbecue tools. It comes neatly packaged in an aluminum case with a spot for everything. The grill tools, like the tongs and spatula, are large and sturdy. Some items may not hold up to hard use, like the corn holders, but we tend to stick with using our greasy little fingers anyway.  This is packaged well and makes for a great gift for the guy (or gal!) who loves to BBQ. Storage is easy as well since everything has a place and fits right back inside.  I was provided a sample for review.
1576 My daughter wanted an iPod touch really badly. She had an iPod nano and loved using it. So I purchased a used/refurbished one on Amazon. Unfortunately for me, my refurbished experience didn't work and the unit didn't charge. But the seller returned my money once I returned the item. I didn't want to disappoint my daughter for Christmas so I put a plea on Facebook and asked if anyone had a used one they were willing to sell. Luckily, I had a good friend who was willing to part with hers - for a great price! So on Christmas day, she opened it up and screamed and screamed with excitement. She has had no trouble learning to use it and has enjoyed playing apps, using the internet (with a lot of supervision) and using it as her iPod as well.  It is responsive and easy to use. A great investment for us, even though it is one generation behind.
1577 My son has been working on this for a few weeks now. It is probably one of the most challenging puzzles we've had. I've done 5,000 piece Ravensburger puzzles that were easier than this. The puzzle is typical Ravensburger quality, strong pieces, nicely printed. But the detail in the map makes the pieces hard to pinpoint even with the good box cover photo. Perfect for a puzzler who likes a challenge.
1578 We have loved this book in our house for many years. It is a really cute rhyming book about a magic hat that lands on the head of different people and changes them into an animal. It is so much fun to read (and sing if you are so inclined) and the kids love guessing what the animal is that rhymes with the previous text.  It is a wonderful classroom or group activity book, especially with preschoolers because you can pass a hat around and ask them what kind of animal they would be, then they can act that animal out and pass the hat on to the next child. All while singing, "Oh, the magic hat, the magic hat, it moves like this and it moves like that!"  A really fun book to real aloud.
1579 This coat is lightweight but really warm. It has that pillow effect but without the bulk and weight. It comes with an oddly shaped bag for rolling up and packing into a small, compact shape. The fabric has a soft, brushed feel and the heather blue is subtle. The large is a little big on my 5'10" son but he's really skinny too so that's not surprising.
1580 My 10 year-old daughter loves this! We live on a bumpier road but this scooter has been good for it. The wheels are big enough to handle some rougher surfaces but it works best on a smoother, asphalt surface. I love all the features. It unpacks and assembles easily. In fact, it is designed for completely folding down for transporting in a tight space or even carrying. The carrying part is a little tough even though it comes with a strap, but it is bulky and heavy so I don't think anyone would want to carry it across town.  It folds up for storage and travel. The handle bars pull out and snap into a holder on the side, the handlebar folds down flat so it really takes up little space. The handle bar also has multiple places for height adjustment. It has a brake at the back and a wide footstep. The kickstand is on a slightly awkward angle so it needs a flat surface to stay upright but it does work.  It says it is good up to 220 pounds and I'm sure it is but I do think it might eventually put a strain on it. But it is certainly good enough for many adults and also kids of many ages.  My daughter has had no trouble using it and going around corners and down small hills.  Sample provided for review.
1581 This is a great docking station for any device with a bottom-based micro USB port for charging.  The base is a lightweight, plastic, not weighted but sleek and clean looking. There is a hole at the back for a stylus (or pen) that illuminates a ring of blue for visibility.  There is a port in the back to plug in your own speakers to play music or podcasts.  My Kindle Fire sits comfortably in this cradle but unfortunately, I don't have access to the power button then. But if I am only looking to charge it, it is perfect.  For any device with a bottom-based micro USB port, especially the Samsung Galaxy, it is a nice place to set your device to charge and access at a good viewing angle with the added benefit of a stylus seat.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1582 I love this mini lantern. It is certainly not full sized but as a compact light/flashlight/lantern it packs a punch. It is made of blue metal and opens easily for the lantern setting. The flashlight is bright and can be focused to a tight beam or broadened to a wide fill. The lantern offers a surprisingly large amount of light.  The compact size is great for tucking in a backpack. It is lightweight as well so it won't add a lot of a bag of gear. It is also great to keep around for power outages as well. I like the metal hanging hook too.  Sample provided for review.
1583 These are really pretty! They are larger than I expected and both fun and dainty at the same time. I like the whimsical curls because they aren't so much a filigree as they are curlicues. The ear hoops are closed and there is a small tiger's eye bead at the top of the earrings. They are lightweight and dangle nicely as well.
1584 This is really soft and brightly colored. I like the length and the fact that when it is wrapped, it doesn't feel itchy. Love the pattern as well.
1585 My husband LOVES a good cup of coffee. We grind our beans fresh every morning and have tried a variety of roasts. I prefer a smoother blend and he likes a dark, stronger roast.  But at work, he has a Kuerig so he's been testing the Ethiopian blend.  The Ethiopian coffee is overall good with a few layers of flavor. It is not too strong (perhaps even a little weak for some) and is pretty smooth, not too bitter.  It's a nice coffee for average use. Not a superb coffee though.
1586 My daughter wanted this so badly. So she forked over her allowance and bought it. We've used Klutz books for ages and usually have great success. This one was a bit of a dud. It was really difficult to make the pompoms using the enclosed pompom maker. They kept falling apart and once you've cut the yarn, there isn't any way to fix it except to buy more. I've done crafts all my life but I just couldn't get how they wanted the pompom maker to work. My daughter failed and so did I. When it became unfruitful, she gave up. Since there are others who have made it work, I can only assume we were not doing something right. But if this is for kids, it should be fairly easy.  Unfortunately, it has not been touched since the first few tries.
1587 When I sit at my desk (which is all day on workdays) in front of my 27" screen, it puts off a lot of heat. In the summer, it gets really hot even with the air conditioning on. It's nice to have a fan nearby to keep the air moving. This is a nice little fan. It's small and takes up very little space on an already crowded desktop. It plugs in and runs off of a USB port (it comes with a micro USB to USB cable with plenty of length if you have to run it from the back of your computer). It has three speeds that are easily controlled from the front of the fan. BUT it has a bonus. It comes with a rechargeable 18650 battery. Once charged, you can easily move this where ever you want and have portable, cordless fan power. Great for the back seat of a car, sitting outside on a hot day or whatever. The only drawback is that it is in a fixed position. You cannot tilt it to get a different angle on the airflow. But that's okay. I've found that it has a good breeze so it covers a lot of area. Sample provided for review.
1588 This is a very lightweight case with a cool, mock-fabric texture. It looks great and feels great in your hand. The texture makes it a little easier to hold without slipping out of you hand. It's classy and business ready and perfect for either gender.
1589 I've been using this now for a couple of weeks. I love it. I find that braided cords are more durable, especially at the connections. This is a great length because it allows me to plug it into a charger on the floor and have plenty of length to use it at chair level while charging. The plug ends are firm and have held up so far. I use it with my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and it charges quickly - like the original. Sample provided for review.
1590 This was an engaging book that kept both me and my 15 year old son interested till the end. The twists and turns make it hard to put down. A great read for adults and teens.
1591 I got these for my 12 year old daughter who is about 5'3" and just over 100 pounds. She normally wears a girls size 14 so I got her the small shorts. They fit very nicely. They have a faint pattern on the shorts which makes them a little prettier than the average athletic shorts. The waist is good, not too tight so it doesn't dig in and not so loose that it falls down. I took a star off because the shorts arrived with a sticker on the package saying they were black but they are really a dark navy blue. Sample provided for review.
1592 This has been a long time favorite in our house. It was perfect for our children from about 2 years old to age 6.  It has the most fun rhyming sequences and leaves the reader guessing after each page about what kind of animal will be revealed on the next page. When my son was little, his favorite one was turning the page to reveal the 'kangawoo'. I think I read it to him a lot just to hear his little voice say that one word.  The illustrations are packed full of details and my kids loved to find the mama's and babies pictured throughout.  A ton of fun to read, even when they know what's coming.
1593 It seems like everything runs off of USB ports these days. I even have a USB fiber optic Christmas tree that comes out in December. Most of my devices charge through USB, run through USB and data transfer through USB. My first mulitport USB device had three ports. One was used to plug into the computer and the other two were available for external use. It was big and didn't offer a lot of expansion. But a 7 port, 3.0 USB adapter is well worth it.  It is as compact as it could be given its 7 port capacity. The ports all face front so no cords/cables are running in opposite directions. Each port has an indicator light to show when it is in use.  It did a great job for me with multiple devices. External hard drives, flash drives, charging cables, and a portable scanner.  No problem with transfers or anything.  A great compact design with no USB 2.0 limitations.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and and honest review.
1594 I'm really impressed with this set. It's a great bold color scheme, perfect for a teens room or a guest room. It would also work for a couple but it is a little more masculine.  The comforter is lightweigt, not too heavy for summer but if paired with a blanket, great for winter too. It can be used on either side. The pillow shams are a good size 2 standard cases. The sheet set includes a fitted, flat and two standard cases. The sheets are soft and look nice. It really is a bed in a bag. Nothing missing here! It's on my teen son's bed and it looks great.
1595 I really dislike it when earrings face the same way. So the fact that these little doggies are facing opposite makes them more balanced in my eyes. They look just like the picture. They are small, silver doggies with a small piece of abalone embedded inside. They are really sweet and nicely made.  My 10 year old dog lover daughter was thrilled to get these and said they would be the first earrings she put in when she took out her just pierced earring studs.
1596 I use a headlamp to walk at night - just about every night. I have one or two that are my favorites but others that start to disappoint me down the road. This is a pretty good headlamp with some redeeming qualities. The headband is strong and easy to tighten/loosen. The headlamp is not too heavy so it stays in place as well. There are a number of different settings for the lights: red, flashing red, single middle bulb, two outer bulbs and all three white bulbs. The only issue is that you have to cycle through them all to get where you want. I'd rather not go through the red steps and wish there was a second button to control the red.  It was in very frustrating packaging. It took a lot of work to get it out of the heavily formed and sealed plastic. The battery compartment was a pain. You're supposed to use a piece on the band buckle to open the compartment. I have to say it was not intuitive. But you only need to figure it out once, then it's easy to remember. It comes with batteries so you can use it right away.  The lamp is fairly bright, especially when you have all three bulbs turned on. But is is not as bright as it could be and doesn't carry a lot of distance. It's good enough but not fantastic.
1597 This is probably the most rugged and clear read tire gauge I've tried in a long time. It is rugged on the outside and has a very clear-read dial with enough increments to see the exact pressure you need. It's easy to put on and quick to read. I've compared it to a couple of other gauges including the one at the gas station and it is dead on every time.  The outside of the gauge is a rugged rubber and will not damage if bounced around. Sample provided for review.
1598 I love these little rings. Not only because the color is a favorite but because they are so sweet and easy to use. Whenever you make a sausage sandwich with an egg, it it super hard to get an egg to be round for the English muffin. This makes the perfect round egg (although a little large for a muffin) that looks great on a plate. But it is also great for perfect pancakes. You have to be careful with how much batter to put inside because if it is too thick, it can take too long to cook enough to flip. A couple of practice cakes and you'll be a pro. The little handle flips from one side to the other so you can make a smaller or (slightly) larger version. And they wash up great. Sample provided for review.
1599 I'm sure you remember Harold growing up and how cool it was that he could just draw whatever he wanted or needed to keep his story going.  I love reading the Harold stories to my kids and seeing them from the adult perspective.  Harold is an imaginative little boy, in one-piece foot pajamas that does a lot of great exploring at night. He often has the moon following him on his journeys and uses his purple crayon (a seemingly magical one that never gets smaller) to draw his surroundings and continue on his journey.  He is often faced with a dilemma that he has to solve using his crayon and he does a great job, always escaping danger like dragons and aliens. I think all the Harold books are great but this one sets the standard.  Kids are fascinated and adults have a good time reading and revisiting what was probably part of their own childhood.
1600 I have a large board of directors and for years (before me) we had cardboard nametags that often fell of the front of the tables. I thought these were a great way for everyone to have a name tag with a little more rigidity. I printed on an 8.5x11 and folded it in half. That was the perfect size to slide in each one of these. They are plastic so they will eventually scratch up a bit but for the price, you can't beat them.
1601 I really like the possibilities in this crystal clear set. The two drawers are great for larger jewelry or make-up. They each have a rubberized liner to keep things from shifting around or scratching the acrylic. The upper bins are good for smaller items like small brushes, lipsticks, tweezers, Q-tips, cotton balls etc.  Or if you are using it in a desk, it will work with rubber bands, clips, or whatever. The top bin is loose but fits into a grove in the top of the double drawer set. So it stacks but isn't permanently attached if you want to separate them. Sample provided for review.
1602 I was a huge skeptic before trying this. I thought about other products I've tried out of a pouch and the chemical taste they have. I was also greatly surprised when I read the nutrition label and found that it was low fat and low calorie.  We cooked the Toasted Sesame with Garlic and Ginger with chicken, added some broccoli and served it over pasta. Very nice flavor. Even the kids liked it!  So even though it is 'just the sauce' it's nice to have a way to cook chicken (or whatever) easily without having to decide what to add to make it more interesting.  I don't think I would want it all the time but this makes for an easy and tasty occasional quick meal.
1603 You know the days that life has been throwing you curve balls and your mind is on overload? This is the perfect thing to watch and zone out!  We got this for our 7 year old daughter for her birthday. She loved it as did our 11 year old son.  There are quite a few ways you can configure it and it comes with two Nanos. Once you set it up and close off the unused exits, your Nanos go to town, finding their way around randomly through the paths and larger plates.  They sometimes compete to get through a gray path but eventually, with enough wiggling and vibrating, they go their separate ways.  They slide together easily but come apart with a little difficulty and pressure - which can make the connection pieces break if you are not careful.  For whatever reason, watching the Nanos jitter around becomes mesmerizing event. I think it is their unpredictable behavior.
1604 Oh my goodness, did I have fun with these. Every year I go away with friends and part of that trip involves a pub crawl. I wore these all night and used them to stop traffic (no major roads...) to let our group go across a street. I used them to wave to everyone as we passed by, etc. Every place we went that saw them turned on wanted a pair. They were a huge hit. You have control over the flashing and colors and I will say that by the end of a couple of days use, some of the red tips were not glowing. I'm sure they can be fixed but don't expect these to last forever. They are wired into fingers and are therefore susceptible to wear and breakage. But they are so much fun. Perfect for parties, groups, kids, etc. Sample provided for review.
1605 I'm sorry to say that this did not work at all. The screen didn't light up when I took the battery protector out. So I figured the battery might be dead. I took out another one and put it in. Same problem. I put it in the pork and waited. Nothing. Then eventually I got the start up screen. I waited and waited and occasionally I got something with an 'F' flashing for Fahrenheit. Then it went back to the full screen digits (start up). I tried again and again. Nothing. I turned it on, I turned it off. I turned it on again. Nothing. So I'm calling this one a dud.
1606 I've used Avery dividers for many years. They are usually pretty durable and hold up well. This set is similar although I think the paper stock is a little thinner.  The tabs and three hole spine are reinforced with lamination so they don't get all smudged with fingerprints and hold up to abuse. This set has a colorful set of tabs from 1-8 with each number having an additional a,b,c tab behind it. That gives you 24 tabs to organize in categories. There is also a cover page that you can print on for reference.
1607 These are the absolute easiest and cutest things to decorate any room in seconds. I thought they would be a little finicky to put up but I had no issues whatsoever. We spent more time deciding where to put them than it took to hang all six.  My daughter is 10 and she loves having them in her bedroom. So while these are pictured in a nursery, they are certainly not limited to being in one. The stickers are much more than just stickers or decals. They are thicker and made of fabric, not a thin vinyl. I've seen other stickers and they can curl up at the edge and bubble very easily. They eventually stop sticking as well.  These are also super easy to peel off the paper backing and place. I made one slightly uneven and just took it off and repositioned it. None of them got air bubbles, they were very easy to push flat.  We put hers all over the room, over doorways, a small shelf and one waving goodbye over her light switch as she leaves the room. These (or any of the Sunny Decals products) are highly recommended for their ease of application and high quality materials. I received a sample for testing.
1608 This takes a little practice to use but once you get the hang of it, watch out! It is powerful and can easily fill two balloons at the same time. It has extra nozzles if you want a smaller output end (for smaller balloons) or the starter nozzle for larger balloons. Even though it shows four nozzles, it only pumps air out of two of them. And it is loud. But it gets the job done very quickly, you had better be ready to clip or tie balloons quickly!  In the trials that we did, it never got too hot but we certainly didn't run it for hours. I like the handle on top for carrying and the compact size for storage. A great unit!
1609 Houses are big, things get in the way and interfere with signals so having a device to boost a signal can only be a good thing. I found this really easy to install and put it on my router (it must have antenna attachments). I had better signals by one to two bars in areas that previously had issues. I can even get a better signal outside the house on my deck.  It has been easy to use and done what it promises.  I was provided a unit for testing and review.
1610 These are tiny sample of each product. Most of what you're paying for is packaging but that happens with a gift set. The products are good. Not great. If they were a lower price, I would accept a lower standard. But they are okay. Hence the three star rating.
1611 Wow. I was thinking how much I loved this ring and was ready to write my glowing review when I realized, like other reviews here, that I was missing the large citrine stone. I really loved this when it arrived and thought it was super cute. I wore it twice and don't even know when the stone fell off. (that's going to drive me nuts).  So the concept is really pretty. The pearl has remained as have the little stones inside the honeycomb, but the citrine is long gone. I'm sad because I liked it.
1612 I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this story and the illustrations. The story is great for many including a child with sensory processing disorder since it helps to show that they are not alone in their feelings and may help to define some of their limitations. It will also help to define the process of getting a service dog or ease any fears a child might have about getting a service dog.  But the book is also a terrific teaching tool for those who teach or work with disabled children, those who may be training dogs for other to use or a child who has a friend or sibling with SPD.  The book is wonderfully illustrated with colorful, happy, loving pictures that really help to tell the story in pictures.  Overall, a great book and a wonderful teaching tool for many.  I was provided an electronic copy of the book for evaluation and an honest review.
1613 Finding a little speaker for a small room, dorm or kid's room can daunting as there are so many choices out there. Many are good, many are not. For the price range, this little speaker does a great job. It sounds good, has good volume, and had a few extra features that make is stand out a bit from the crowd.  It is nicely finished with a super shiny white surface and a matching white grill. It has easy to reach buttons on top and good battery life. It can play using an audio cable for non-bluetooth playing (not included) but does include a USB charging cable.  It also uses NFC (Near Field Communication) which means that if you connect it to your phone/bluetooth device and you have NFC enabled on your device, you can instantly relink it by touching your device (phone) to the speaker (when the speaker is turned on) and you don't have to tell it to pair again.  Sample provided for review.
1614 This is the first Kindle sleeve I've had so I have nothing to compare it to. Having said that, it is very nicely made as a soft, padded (but soft and bendable) case.  My Kindle Fire and Kindle Keyboard fit easily inside (not together) and the flip corners are cool and keep them securely in place.  The interior is a beautifully soft, furry (Barbie pink) fabric that is sure not to scratch your Kindle in any way.  The design is bright and fun (not for the guys though...) and is reminiscent of the old doodle pages that I used to color in when I was younger.  A very nice option as a Kindle Sleeve.
1615 I have to admit, I'm a P vs. Z addict. I have the app on my Droid phone and my son has the DS version. There is just something therapeutic about annihilating zombies who come at you with a vengeance to try and get into your home.  This version offers so much more than the Droid app and slightly more than the DS version. It has great graphics, much better than the DS and as good as the Droid but much bigger.  After beating the game once, there are still plenty of things to do. There are mini games, puzzles, and endless modes. Plus, like the other versions, there are also achievements where you are challenged to complete a specific task, like creating 6 winter melons before a level is over.  There is a lot of play value in here. There are plenty of games and things to do once you have played through and there is nothing stopping you from playing the adventure again. You can save multiple player profiles as well, a necessity to any game in our house.  The twists are fun especially when you have to plan zoombology- where the zombies have plant heads and you have to figure out how to get them before they get you... There is a lot of logical thinking and planning to beat many of the levels.  But overall, it is just a great way to zone out, pass a little time, de-stress, and take a 5 minute break.
1616 What can you say about folders. I like the color coding to help separate projects. The large tabs are easy to use and see. The folder material is firm and the outside can be written on. They'll hold a bit but not a huge amount. Overall, a good price due to the color sorting.
1617 I often wish there was a way to customize a desk organizer for just the things that you want. What I need on my desk is not necessarily what everyone else needs. So I am always in search of the perfect organizer. This one is pretty good. It has a fairly small footprint on your desk and has a variety of holes/compartments for all the pieces you need to organize.  There are three places for pens, scissors, glue sticks or whatever you need to stand upright. There is a built-in tape dispenser (okay unless you need to take your tape somewhere else). A smaller side compartment for a cell phone, tools, white out or whatever. A small compartment for paper clips and one for post-it notes. There are two folder slots with a removable middle divider (this was very hard to get out though.) I took my divider out and put my stapler in that space.  It is not heavy and does not have a rubber bottom to prevent sliding. I wish it was just a little bigger, maybe another set of tiered slots. But I would probably fill it with junk that didn't need to be on my desk anyway.
1618 I love fresh basil on my tomato salad. I also like to put fresh herbs in my dishes. But chopping them up can be a chore. I do have a roller chopper that I pull out from time to time. It works ok. These scissors also do a good job. I don't think they are revolutionary and I will continue to chop with a knife depending on the job but I have also begun to use these more and more. The issue with these as well as my roller chopper, is that herbs are tacky when chopped and stick to the blades. So once you are done cutting, you have to brush out the bits so you aren't wasting a lot.  I recommend rinsing them as soon as you are done so it doesn't dry on the blades, especially the inside ones. I like the holder as well and the handles are comfortable to use. Sample provided for review.
1619 I've tried many other car phone mounts. This style is my favorite for many reasons but the biggest reason is that you don't have to battle to get your phone released quickly. Most phone mounts have a spring loaded set of grips that hold the sides of the phone. This does as well but it releases with a quick squeeze of the two side buttons which open up the two side grips. They remain open until you put your phone back in and push the button (seen inside the red circle) which triggers it to clamp the two side grips.  The phone mount has a sticky suction bottom and an additional clip to create a more secure suction on a window or dash (even if it is a little bumpy). The mount is completely adjustable front and back, side to side, and the bottom of the phone rest can be lowered or raised. The mount has soft, padded areas (clearly visible in red) to keep your phone from getting scratched. The only issue is that the side grips are a little shallow. My droid incredible 4G, with a gel case, fits well but the side clips are just at the edge of the phone and don't actually surround it. If you have a fairly thick phone, it may not work as well.  I highly recommended this phone mount and style. It is well made easy to use.
1620 I was pretty skeptical when trying these. After reading some of the other reviewers comments about Sensa in general, I wasn't sure if I wanted any gastro discomfort. But I decided it couldn't hurt to try these out.  Overall, they didn't do any 'damage' although they taste like ground up herbs and stuff mixed in with a chewy chocolate cube. It was gritty and left a pretty bad taste in my mouth.  It's hard to say if it curbed my appetite since I've been working on a higher protein diet which can curb hunger as well. I tried them for quite a few afternoons when my hunger (or boredom) tends to creep in. No big revelation but nothing bad either.
1621 I've had a favorite phone mount for quite awhile. It has a quick release for getting my phone out (I hate battling to pull a phone out of a tight phone mount grip). I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 which is a larger phone. This mount has no trouble holding it.  There are a number of things that I really like. It has a solid suction mount with a sticky pad and a secondary tightening clamp. It has an easy to position holder. The part that your phone sits in is really soft and rubbery (mine is purple and it is bright). But I really like the design. My phone sits with all ports and buttons completely clear. When you place your phone, you push the two side clamps until they are tight against your phone. To release, there is an easy to reach button on the bottom of the back that quickly releases the side arms. Quick, easy and convenient. I've had no trouble keeping my phone in place. I can also use my phone horizontally or vertically.  I was provided a sample for testing and review.
1622 I think if you stopped any person on the street and took the time to ask a lot of questions, you would find that everyone has a story worth sharing. Some are sadder than others, some are happier. Some people's lives are superficially good but underneath it all, they are struggling. If you remember this, it can make you feel a little more sympathy when someone snaps at you since you have no idea if they are dealing with an unseen difficulty.  Another Night, Another Day starts out a little slow. Lots of back and forth between the character's lives in setting up the back story. It is set in London and there is a lot of terminology (as well as spelling) that is specific to England.  The story picked up a bit and I found it an enjoyable read. Worth getting through the slower parts to sink further in.
1623 I love this! Our old Craftsman tractor has a vinyl (or leather-type?) seat that has seen better days. It has a good tear in the side and while I don't care about the appearance, I'm only mowing the lawn, I don't want it to keep deteriorating until the seat needs to be replaced. Putting the old duct tape on it means that when exposed, it can get sticky and gross. So taping the tear and then covering the seat with this is the perfect solution. This small fits perfectly and installs in seconds. It has a couple of pockets on the back and sits securely on the seat. I also like that is isn't the same sticky seat on a sweaty day that causes you to leave leg skin behind.
1624 I received a single wiper to test as part of Amazon's Vine program. After driving around with one new Bosch wiper and one not too old Goodyear wiper blade, it became quickly evident that the Bosch Advantage was a far superior wiper. The Goodyear squeaked and streaked constantly so that I had to manually decide when to wipe so that it wouldn't drive me too nuts.  Installing the Bosch was really easy once I figured out how to get the old wiper off. And now I can drive in all kinds of wet weather without going nuts with the squeak squeak of my old wiper.
1625 My daughter is always running out the house asking if I have a cable in the car for her iPod Touch (5th gen). Having this in the car, always plugged in has helped to stop this issue. It has been working great for her and although as a single cable it uses up an entire car plug (as opposed to a plug with multiple USB ports) having an integrated unit seems like it may have some more longevity.  Sample provided for review.
1626 My 'first time out of the house' glassware was my mothers. It is chipped and well worn and I can't get it completely clean in the little edges and cracks. So it really is time to move on and replace it. This is a beautiful piece of solidly made glassware. The glass is thick and the edges are smooth. The handles are big enough for easy grabbing and transporting.  This is a big size and great for larger casseroles or roasts. A large pile of veggies roasts up perfectly in here as well.  Sample provided for review.
1627 I found this to be really funny. You have to have some knowledge of books and movies or the humor will be lost on you but there are enough chucklers in here to make it worth a read.  The graphics are great and I don't think it would work as well if it was just typed out. You need to see the variety of handwritten fonts and cross outs. Some of the jokes seem a little forced but overall, my 15 year-old son and I really like reading this.
1628 My son is a gamer and loves this mouse pad. It is super large so there is no picking up and re-positioning of a mouse. It has a great graphic on it and a really smooth surface. The anti-slip backing is great since it doesn't move around and the reinforced edges should help it to hold up for a long time. I think this is a great pad whether you're a gamer or not. It looks great on a desk and offers a lot of area for using a mouse. Sample provided for review.
1629 I love whimsical things to replace the mundane but I'm not willing to spend a ton to get a 'classy' toilet brush set. Even at $25, this was about my limit.  But our half bath needed a new brush. This red flower brush was the perfect design to go in the sunny yellow with red and green accent bathroom (sort of Mediterranean rich colors).  I really like the style, it is cute with a little ladybug on the flower. It sits in a pot with a removable base and has a nice, long handle with two accent leaves.  Mine arrived with a couple of the flower petals crunched in the wrong direction. I just used a paper clip to put them in place for a few days and it resettled back in place.  It has a nice round, stiff (black) toilet brush on the end that reaches under the rim and the 'hole' at the bottom.  But there are two issues I have with this product. The top of the brush has a green cover to make it look like it is part of the plant. But that hard plastic base stops the brush from going all the way in the bottom toilet hole. It gets in there pretty good but if you like to go a couple of inches farther, this will not allow you to do so.  Next, the base of the flower part is not connected to the pot. Which means that a little knock on the unit and it can all topple over. I think I will affix mine together for some more stability.  It is cute and mostly functional. I'm not sure I would buy it again but I will keep this one for now.
1630 My 10 year old son devours his National Geographic Kids magazine every month. He reads it cover to cover a couple of times. It is written in a way to keep kids thrilled with learning and the graphics and photos are wonderful.  This almanac is like getting 5 years of NG Kids Magazines all at once. He is thrilled with it and loves reading all the odd little facts.  It is filled with interesting animal facts, geography, recipes, interesting places, fun things to do, experiments, and more.  Everything is made appealing by the use of fantastic graphics and color photographs and the way that the information is presented in short paragraphs with just enough detail to teach and entertain.  My son is often quoting information he has gleaned from reading his NG Kids Magazine or this almanac.  It can be read one page at a time or in large chunks. With 352 pages it will offer hours and hours of enjoyment.  I would recommend this for ages 8 and up.
1631 I really like these. I tend to like mid-length hanging earrings - posts dig in too much. These have movement and shine. The three parts move independently from the center but they do make a little bit of noise as you move around. It's subtle and not something that others may hear or be bothered by but if you don't like any noise, these will make some. They are comfortable and have held up well so far.
1632 Who knew you could elaborate so much on a simple child's story. But Liesl Shurtliff has done it with this well written and funny version of the classic tale. All of the behind the scenes and detail you could possibly want to add to the story that we are already familiar with. It is written in an easy manner, perfect for a younger reader or for a read aloud with an adult. I would recommend ages 7 and up (for reading to or by themselves).
1633 This is a good way to have a lot of charging ports available while traveling. I go to England often and this is great to take along. I try not to overload it with things to charge although I can have my Kindle and a phone charging at the same time without any issues.  Swapping out the plugs is really easy as well. I was provided a sample for review.
1634 I've watched the evolution of power banks over the past few years. A number of years ago, an 11000mAh bank would have cost you more than double the price of this one and it would have been bigger and bulkier. This bank has a really nice feature. It's LCD display not only gives an accurate percentage of power left in bank, it also shows what kind of charge is going in or out. I'm not sure how much I would use that but it is nice to get an idea of what power a device is requiring.  It has a built-in flashlight but for a larger bank like this, I would only use that in rare instances that I needed a quick light. The power bank can recharge my phone multiple times (at least four full charges) as well as my Kindle. The design is sleek and it seems well made. It also has two outputs for charging two devices at once.  Sample provided for review.
1635 Shoe horns may seem pass&eacute; but many people still need them. If you have arthritis, difficulty bending all the way over, edema of the feet, or just difficult shoes to put on, a shoe horn can probably assist you. This model is pretty basic, the right height for putting shoes on while sitting in a chair or bending over. It has a nice curve with a good angle for getting it in and out with ease. The finish is smooth and doesn't catch on my socks and the metal is really solid and will not bend with abuse.  It has a hole at the top if you want to hang it for easy access.  I was provided a sample for evaluation and an honest review.
1636 This is a really pretty case. I have a gold phone and it looks really pretty in here. The case is slim and not bulky. All the buttons are easy to feel. The case feels solid.
1637 This is really pretty. I would have to say that although the cover could possibly be used for a male - in a pinch - this is definitely a girl's style notebook. Inside has purple, teal and gold peacock feather accents that really help to add to the cover design. This may be an academic year but only having just bought it, I've already missed out on using July and August. But it goes up to June of 2015 so it will cover a full school year.  Each month has a full calendar with holidays and the remaining days in the year. Then each month also has a breakdown by week with four days on a page. This bigger breakdown allows you to write in notes or meetings by morning or afternoon. Each month has a thumb tab for quick access.  There's a large section in the back for notes and a double sided pocket folder. The cover is a really soft almost rubberized cardstock. The print on the front is foil embossed and classy looking.  This is great for anyone who keeps track of assignments, meetings or whatever and could be used outside of school as a calendar.
1638 I travel in the summer and take my Wacom tablet an pen with me. I hate that I have this sensitive design ice floating in a backpack. So having this great carry case gives me some more peaceful of mind.  I also just used it to travel.overseas and have some pens and pencils in my travel bag for quick access. It has two sides with elastic and stuff to keep writing implements in place. It zippers all the way around and is a semi hard shell case. I really like it. Sample provided for review.
1639 Some kids go through paper like it very disposable. A couple of marks on one sheet and it's in the garbage. So if you have a kid who just scribbles and doesn't need paper to turn in nice neat assignments, this is okay. If you don't have a big budget to buy other paper, this is okay.  However, if you have a choice, there has to be some better options out there. This paper is very thin. While you can certainly write on it, pen or pencil and even highlighter, it is hard to erase and leaves an impression and residue of the erased pencil.  It will do in a pinch.
1640 What a great way to have an affordable and functional wood carrier. This is a somewhat lightweight carrier, easy to store away but powerful for carrying a good load of wood. Some of our wood is longer than the tote (we don't always cut it evenly) so it is important to center it in the carrier so that it is properly weighted. I like that the carrier sits flat for filling and easily lifts up once you grab the handles. It holds a good amount of wood and carries it easily. It may look lightweight but it is sturdy and well stitched. When you're done with it, it rolls up and Velcros closed.  A quality product that can actually work well for hauling other stuff as well. Sample provided for review.
1641 We have a large variety of cooler bags. Some are small and hold a single large lunch or a couple of drinks. Others are huge and carry a number of items after shopping at Costco.  None are in between. This Freddie and Sebbie bag is just right. It is large and roomy but not so big that is is difficult to carry. It will hold enough food for a family luncheon or transporting some groceries that are critical to keep cold. I've even been using it for those overflow items from Costco that don't fit in my larger thermal bag.  This folds semi-flat and has a Velcro strap to hold it closed while folded. It zips closed when open and keeps food cool for a long time. I like the small outer pocket as well in case you have something you don't want to put inside. Sample provided for review.
1642 We play a ton of games in our house. Sometimes, after a long day, you don't want to play a game that requires a lot of set up or brain power. NADA is a game that takes seconds to learn, seconds to set up and an entire set can be played in two or three minutes. However, you can't just play one set since it is addictive to keep playing and looking for the matches.  The object of NADA is to toss 12 dice (6 orange and 6 white) out. All players look for an image match between the white and orange dice. If you see a match, you shout out what the image is (SHARK, RABBIT, etc.) and collect all the dice that have that image showing. When you think there are no more matches, you shout NADA and place your hand over the dice. If you are correct and there are no more, you collect the remaining dice. After three rounds, whoever has collected the most dice wins.  There are variations and penalties. It plays quickly and cleans up easily. All the dice and instructions fit nicely in the game bag (provided).  Another fun game from Orange Blue games.  I was provided a sample game for evaluation and an honest review.
1643 I have a number of Culina products and have found a nice consistency in the high quality and longevity. This silverware set is no exception. It is beautifully finished in a high shine stainless steel. Each piece has a solid feel with just enough weight to know it is well made and comfortable to hold.  This design has all smooth edges but the detail is in the handles. It looks like fabric fold-over. It is visible on both sides of the knife and one side of the forks and spoons.  The knife is sharp enough for most meals. The large (dessert) spoon is huge and the full set looks impressive on a table. The box presentation is great as well with a full place setting on display upon opening and the rest of the pieces individually wrapped in plastic and boxed. Knowing this makes it a great gift idea.  There are two other Culina sets that I have. They are just as high in quality with slight differences in design.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Culina-Verano-20-Pcs-Flatware-for-4-18-10-Stainless-Steel-Silverware-Mirror-Finish/dp/B00R58LTUA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Culina Verano 20 Pcs Flatware for 4 18/10 Stainless Steel Silverware , Mirror Finish</a>&nbsp;and Culina Lorena Flatware.  Culina provided a sample of each of the styles for review.
1644 These are small but Cooper loves them. They do not last as long as rawhide chew but they do help him to clean his teeth a bit and get some chewing out of his system. Cooper is a larger dog, a standard poodle so he has no trouble with any of these. I like that they don't last enough to get gummy and stick to the carpet.
1645 I am very impressed with the versatility packed into this little unit. It offers three USB ports and the additional benefit of being a card reader for SD cards, Micro SD and a couple others that I don't use but are clearly listed in the product description.  Initially, I had a hardware conflict on the installation on my desktop. But that was the fault of my computer and not the unit. I took it to our laptop and had no trouble getting it to install and work immediately.  I actually read picture files from my SD card faster than when I access through my card reader on my monitor.  File transfer was fast, the USB ports are great for charging or plugging in additional devices. The USB hub and card reader is powered with a plug and cable that uses one USB port on your computer or laptop. The hub is small and takes up very little space on my desk.  A great multifunctional device, well designed and compact.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1646 I've used similar products (Wet n Forget) but I don't think that was for indoor use. This has the ability to be used indoors or out. We just emptied out my father-in-law's house that had a few water issues in the basement. It was important to me to make sure that we sprayed any affected areas to clear up and prevent additional growth. The results were good so far. The regrowth experience will only be known after time. But it's nice to know that we've taken care of it at least temporarily. It's easy to use and lightweight for shipping because it comes in packets of dry mix. You can mix three times for whenever you need it.
1647 I picked this up, like other reviewers, at another location at a very affordable price. This is my first Bluetooth headset (I know - hard to believe). I had no problem connecting it to my Droid Incredible.  I found the volume level fine, even at higher speeds in a car and the call recipient had no trouble hearing me. It was wonderful to be driving and using this rather than holding a phone (not that I would drive and talk... I was a passenger :)  The only thing I don't like is that there is a semi rigid plastic part that fits just inside your ear. After a little while, this becomes irritating and rubs the inside of my ear. And there is no way to adjust the positioning of it.  Overall, it is a good headset and comes with a car charger and AC charger.
1648 We usually like K'NEX sets in our house. This kit had potential but fell short on two limitations. It took just over an hour to complete (experienced adult). The instructions were like most K'NEX in that there are parts shown together and you have to look pretty carefully to see what needs to be done. It is not always super clear but more intuitive. Overall, they were ok.  The completed kit is one double blaster although you can construct it differently if you want. The included instructions only build a single product but you can supposedly download the other instructions. As a double blaster, only one of the parts shot consistently. The other one takes a lot of finagling to get it to work. The whole thing is actually a bit difficult to keep together for this large build. We are constantly reconnecting parts while using it. When I first looked at the box picture, I was under the impression that once it was built, there were parts to build the target pictured. But that is one of the options for building a single blaster not the double.  Once built (and when it is working) the foam darts go very far - meaning it is important to remind kids to never aim at heads/faces or other breakable objects. They come out with pretty good force but obviously don't have anything hard on them to really hurt most inanimate objects.  Overall, I found this to be a fairly tricky build with incomplete directions and once built, it is difficult to keep it functional.
1649 My kids and I love playing games. Most games we can play and the age difference doesn't matter. However, with one highly read 16 year old in the house and an adult, it puts my 11 year-old daughter at a disadvantage. Which is where this comes into play. It is like the traditional Trivial Pursuit game (with pies and wedges and a board to travel around) but with two sets of cards - one for adults and one for kids - it levels the playing field a bit. We've been playing it and finding that we are all getting about the same number right and wrong which makes this fun for all. The kids questions are age appropriate and still challenging.
1650 This little flash drive packs a punch with fast transfer speeds, tons of capacity at a great price and a super sleek, professional design.  It has a diamond pattern in a brushed finish that really stops fingerprints from showing. It works great for transferring large files, backing up files (it comes with an app for document back-ups but I haven't had a need for using it). It also has an LED light that also flashes as data is moved.  A flashy flash drive with great features. I was provided a unit for testing and review.
1651 My 10 year old son already had&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Encyclopedia-of-Immaturity-Klutz-Volume-1/dp/159174427X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Encyclopedia of Immaturity (Klutz)Volume 1</a>&nbsp;and loved it. We purchased that one at a Scholastic sale so unfortunately it did not have the spiral binding. This is important because there are pages that need to be photocopied or scanned and printed and the book binding does not lend itself to this.  When he found out that a new version was available, he was thrilled. This version comes with a wrap around hard cover and wire binding.  There is enough stuff in each of these books to keep kids entertained for hours. Some are practical jokes, others are strange facts.  It consists of primarily one page tidbits like "How to Make and Throw a Sloshie" (with water and toilet paper), the Physics of a Cannonball in the Water, How to Play Tabletop Hockey, and one of my son's favorites, How to Hypnotize a Chicken.  A few things are mischievous, others are old fashioned and fun.  They are all harmless and a real draw for young boys and girls.
1652 When you can't make it to the gym, doing a workout at home is a better option than not doing anything at all. And in conjunction with aerobic exercise it helps to do strength training. This set of resistance bands is pretty good and I like the system of swapping out the wrist and ankle straps through caribeeners and d-hooks to swap out bands without having to swap out the straps. I like that you can use the 5 straps at their resistance levels and even double up if you are ready for a higher level (not for me but nice to know the option is there!).  It all stores neatly in a zip bag. I definitely need a lot of space to use them though because the bands are fairly long so you need to be away from the doorway a bit. Overall, a good, basic set for the average user.
1653 My kids seem to go through earbuds so there is no reason to buy anything that I don't care about if they lose them.  And they don't like the in ear buds with the silicone tips. But the style, like this one, is getting harder to find. So these were the right price.  They sound okay and suit the purpose for them. But the earbud ends are pretty big, much bigger than iPod buds that are the same style. My kids don't seem to mind though.  The green is really an aqua like green.
1654 This is a classy and modern looking hook. Because it doesn't curve in, it can drop robes off it they are heavy and don't have a loop. In other words, if you are just hooking the color area, this straight up design won't always keep it on. It installs easily and looks sharp.
1655 I've traveled to England enough to know that having a nice pillow for the flight over (which is overnight) is a good thing. But it is hard to keep one handy without taking up a lot of room in a carry on bag. This is a really nice pillow filled with dense memory foam. It has just enough resistance to give you good support but is also very soft and comfortable.  The cover is super, velvety soft and has a benefit that I don't often see with a travel pillow. It zips off for washing which is a great thing because after you drop your pillow on the floor of a car or airplane enough times, you don't want to know whats on it (not to mention your own hair oil and possibly a little drool...). Another great feature is the elastic strap that allows you to put it over a handle on your carry on so that you don't have to pack it inside and you don't have to hold it.  I was provided a sample for review.
1656 This comes in a three pack for under $3 a filter. So I find it worthwhile to buy the 3 pack and save the money and the hassle of not having to reorder or go out and purchase locally every time I need to change it out.  Other than that, the Aqua Clear carbon works just as well as anything else.
1657 I was really unsure if these would look as pretty as in the picture, especially since the photo is actually not a pair of earrings but a duplication of one earring in the photograph. But when these arrived (in a pretty black box - great for gift giving) they were perfect.  They are filled with little flowers and look exactly like the photo. They are also a mirror image of each other so that, for example, the blue flower is on opposite sides. It's a little thing but I prefer earrings to be mirror images instead of identical. The flowers are not exact so it appears that they really are dried flowers and not just plastic bits that look like flowers.  They have a thick, silver bezel around the smooth acrylic floral part and the hooks are solid and not too thin. Amazing to have a product as exact as pictured, especially when they are all handcrafted.
1658 I've never had any caramel wafers before so when I saw these at BJs Wholesale Club, I was intrigued. Picked up a box of 48 for $10, which seems like a great price.  They are sort of crunchy on the outside with a creamy caramel on the inside. If you put it over your cup when your drink is hot, it softens the caramel. If you don't have a hot drink, you can just microwave it for a few seconds and get the same effect.  They are tasty and perfect as an afternoon treat. Once seems to do the trick of satisfying a sweet tooth. They would be nice for company after dinner too.
1659 With two kids in the family, we've built kits from LEGOS to K'Nex to Mega Blocks and many in between. I love it when a kit takes me by surprise. When I got this, I wasn't sure if it would go to my engineering brain 15 year-old son or my "less interested in building kits" 10 year-old daughter. The minute I showed it to her, she was super excited. So I was happy too. She opened it up and started building. She got stuck at just one part of the build and once I explained it to her, she understood and finished making the robot. Did I think this guy would balance and walk on a thin piece of string? No way. But he did. We walked him across the floor. We walked him on a tightrope. He wibbles and wobbles a bit but never falls over. It was really amazing to see.  The gyroscope (battery powered - three AAA) is really strong and perfect for trying these different builds. It gets going so well that once you turn it off, it takes a bit for it to slow down to a stop. It feels weird in your hand too.  I love that my daughter is excited about trying all the different builds and is learning about gyroscopes in the process (without it being too obvious).  The pieces are a little bit of a mix of K'Nex, LEGO and custom made shapes. They snap together easily but I agree with another reviewer, some parts are a little difficult to pull apart. Nothing that can't be remedied though.
1660 I have a table lamp that needed a bulb replacement. It seemed to eat the older model bulbs every few months and the florescent bulbs always take awhile to warm up. This bulb and its solid, unique construction came on instantly and provided a nice, bright light.  It worked well as a dimmable light as well. A great feature for an LED.  It has a large, even, warm tone and lights instantly. I really like the color, large light area and even distribution of light that this bulb puts out.  I was provided a sample bulb for evaluation and an honest review.
1661 I have to say that I have been spoiled by playing&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Diner-Dash/dp/B000BS5ICQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Diner Dash</a>. The graphics in that game are so much better than Cake Mania. If I had never played Diner Dash, this might be a little more fun but in comparison, it is a disappointment. There is just not enough variety, even though you can add equipment (it seems too hard to earn enough money in a timely manner to buy upgrades at a decent rate). And the challenge is a little boring after awhile. Don't get me wrong, it is hard to keep up after a bit but it is not as fun of a challenge. There doesn't seem to be enough detail in graphics either. Movement is a little awkward. Conclusion: Mediocre at best, good for a few minutes of amusement while on hold.
1662 I was so excited to get this and try it out. I sit at my desk for hours and hours (and hours) doing graphic design. I tend to slump forward a bit as the day goes on which, ultimately, gives me lower back pain. I'm also shorter so my feet don't easily sit flat on the floor when I sit correctly in my office chair.  The first day I sat on my Zenergy ball, my butt when numb after a few hours. It was comfortable and it is nice to lean from side to side to keep things limber but it took a little getting used to.  The next day I sat on it for a few more hours and really liked it. My butt only went numb for a short time but I got up and moved around a bit to keep the circulation going. It does make you sit up straight but I can slump in it if I'm not paying attention.  The fact that it doesn't roll is not a good or bad thing since it is easy enough to get up straddling it and step backwards. But when you do need to get it out of the way, you have to pick it up to move it.  The construction is solid. It has four metal legs and a sturdy round frame with a thick mesh covering. It inflated using our car tire pump within minutes.  I do not sit at it everyday. It doesn't have arm rests and it is a different kind of sitting that I'm not ready to commit to it all the time but I do like it.
1663 This is beautiful! It looks like an expensive diamond necklace but at an incredible price. The pendant itself is large and sparkles as close to a diamond as possible. It is a stunning look. The chain is a good length, just right for a v-neck. Perfect for an evening out, a more serious business attire, prom, or whatever.
1664 We've made rubber band erasers in the past (from scratch) and they are tricky and we've spent many hours trying to get things to work properly. So I was excited to try out a kit that had the details worked out. But this kit, while fun and 'complete' lacks in a few areas. First of all, the instructions are difficult to understand. They are not particularly clear in positioning of pieces. Next, some of pieces don't fit well together and while some are way too tight, others are too loose. It comes with a piece of sandpaper to take down the bamboo stick thickness but that is bit of an issue since the sticks are supposed to be square and the sandpaper can compromise the edges.  The models can be made (only one at a time since they share parts) and are moderately functional.
1665 This was a fun book to read with younger children learning their alphabet. There is a page for each letter, all in lower case, with a lot of word samples for each letter sound.  Each letter has arrows that allow your child to trace the letter for getting some tactile practice.  The pictures are funny and cute but I think sometimes the pages are very busy especially for a child that is trying to discern what is the actual shape of the letter.  Overall, a fun and well executed book sure to please early learners!
1666 We have a dog that has the occasional upset stomach. This is great for pretreating before using our carpet cleaner. It seems to help break the stain down and get it ready for cleaning.
1667 This little children's book is fun to read through with colorful and cute illustrations. The story is appropriate for young children and they'll have fun looking through the pictures since they are very detailed.  The only issue I had with the book was the awkwardness of some of the poems where Pigallito sings two or three line 'songs'. They often had the same rhyming word at the end of two lines: "I'm Pigallito, adventurous and fun; Being curious is so much fun! Now I'm flying up near the sun."  I'm not sure I've come across poems where the rhyming words are the same. Not a huge deal since the rest of the writing was fun to get through.  A pretty book but a little awkward at times.
1668 There are a lot of k-cups in this box! There are 12 different flavors with 8 pods of each flavor. I've tried most of the flavors so far and have found that overall, they are good. Some are sweet, others darker. They are clearly labeled as to the intensity of the roast. I tend to go to the medium roasts for most mornings. There isn't a huge difference between them, it can be subtle at times. The pods have all worked well so far in our Keurig.  I like that they are color coded so it is fairly easy to grab the one you want in the box. They seem comparable in price to other k-cups as well. Sample provided for review.
1669 I bought this as a Christmas present for my sarcastic and very funny 12 year old son. I'm hoping he enjoys it. I was reading through it in my office (he didn't know what I was doing) and I kept chuckling, he said, "What's so funny?" He's just going to have to wait.  I'm not giving it five stars only because it is a very quick read. There are two examples per page so it took about 20 minutes to fly through the book. Does this mean that it isn't worth it? There are plenty of short books that say just enough. This one in is that category. It is funny and well organized by subject matter.  But it was a little short.
1670 The product description clearly states what this will do so I'll add that it is super convenient and easy to use. It comes with a small pouch for carrying and the laser measure is very lightweight. The functions are really easy to use and according to my measurements, it has been accurate. It may be overkill for the average homeowner but I do enough projects that having this around will save me a lot of time.
1671 I hate to say that I'm reviewing an item that was never tested out and that I'm making a snap judgement about this as well. But when I received the bag I saw on the back that it was made in China. Then I looked up the information available for the dog treats that were suspicious in causing illness and even death in dogs. This was the name of one of them. So I was torn because the product is  a Nestle product, a company that I usually trust completely. And the research has yet to tie any particular issue of any particular product directly to a problem in any dog. So maybe I'm just joining the hysteria. But Nestles should really do something to change the name or manufacture it in the states. Needless to say, it wasn't worth the risk and I threw them away. It is not my nature to prejudge but if something had happened to my dog...  On the other side and in defense of Waggin' Train, there is a lot of information still up in the air and the FDA hasn't found anything against any company yet. You can read more on the FDA Gov website under animalveterinary/safetyhealth. I'm sure there are plenty of dog owners who have had great experiences. For me the jury is still out for me.
1672 When I was a kid, I had a Yellow Submarine lunch box. I loved that so much even though I am sure I didn't understand a lot about the actual movie. When I was surfing the holiday LEGO catalog and came across this, I was thrilled. Initially I bought it for my son but after it arrived, I decided it was a gift to myself. Assembling it was satisfying and nostalgic.  Putting it together is fun and I would classify it as an easy to medium difficulty. It has a lot of unique parts that make assembly feel special. The parts with images are not stickers but printed right on the piece so they are sure to last. The top comes off to show the detail inside. The mini-figs have two faces available (like most ) and each have their own item to hold (Johns telescope, Pauls love tile, Ringos half a hole tile, Georges submarine motor and Jeremys Apple.)  Just because you see the outside of the submarine on the box (which by the way, is super cool - very unlike other LEGO boxes) doesn't mean that they didn't put the detail into the cabin. It's packed with little colorful parts and pictures and it's easy to take the top off to look inside.  It brings back fun childhood memories and a smile to my face. It's also a nice break from the traditional city/village/blockish sets that I've been putting together with my kids for years.  This is a great kit for kids but more fun for adults who grew up in the Beatles era. Did I just age myself?
1673 Although my box said Slim Packing Cubes, I actually received the 4 piece small packing cubes. So although these are great, since they are mislabeled, I am taking a star off for sending the wrong item. Amazon should be able to do better especially since, based on the reviews, I am not the only person with a mispacked box.  Other than that, I have become a great fan of packing cubes. Not only for travel but for storage and organization. If you separate out your winter/summer clothes, packing cubes are a great way to stack and store them. For travel, they make packing and unpacking so easy. In comparison to other packing cubes I've used, these are comparable quality and with similar features - good zipper pulls, mesh for breathability, fold flat for storage, etc.
1674 This was the first of the Simply Sarah books I read. I have a 9 year-old named Sarah and I thought she would get a kick out of reading this series. I actually had fun reading through and found Sarah to be a terrific little girl.  She has a need to solve problems and her friend Peter wants a pet. So Sarah goes on a hunt to find the perfect pet for Peter knowing that he can't have a dog in his apartment.  Sarah is a spunky gal displaying a lot of resourcefulness. She is kind in her dealings with others, thoughtful and polite. She is also willing to 'put her money where her mouth is' and selflessly uses her own money to help out.  I liked this story a lot and found that Sarah's way of conducting herself was a great role model for all children. A fun story with good morals and values.
1675 My 8 year old daughter has had a blast hanging out with three boys from her class this year. They are great kids and she acts more tomboy to be able to spend time with them. She is not longer interested in anything pink or girly girl.  So when she asked Santa for this for Christmas, she was not surprised when it showed up in her stocking. It has a cool lock and double key set and is filled with fun things to do (for guys - or your tomboy girl).  I think she has loved the concept of having a dude diary more than she has loved using it but she is happy.
1676 I haven't played a lot of Donkey Kong games but I've played many Mario games. My 11 year-old son has really enjoyed playing this although for a very experienced gamer, he is having some difficulty getting through some levels. I guess that is good since the game will last a lot longer but he is getting very frustrated at times.  We have fun playing together but ultimately, I end up dying one too many times! It is great to get through each level and then go back to collect the missing puzzle pieces and K-O-N-G letters.  The controls are fun especially when Kong gets to jump up and down to break something. I don't think I'll make it too far though since I give up too easily when I can't get through a level. The graphics are great and the game feel is high end.  My son is having a great time and just recently purchased the game guide Donkey Kong Country Returns: Prima Official Game Guide (Prima Official Game Guides). This has allowed him to located some well hidden puzzle pieces and pick up some tricks for getting through some of the more difficult levels.  This is a great game, professional, long-lasting but much more difficult that many of the other similar platformer games. Great for the hard core enthusiast, not so great for the beginning player.  Overall, a very well made game.
1677 I'm not sure exactly why but this has always been a favorite movie of mine. I like the softness of Michael Douglas (although I often find him abrasive in other movies). I like the quirkiness of Annette Bening in her mistakes, immaturity and gullible nature. They are good together as a couple and I like how they fight for each other.  A great romantic movie with two great actors.
1678 What can you say about this. It's compact, it has compartments, they hold things, it looks good. Done. Actually, this is a great catch-all for a desk, dresser, kitchen counter. Good for keys, sunglasses, pens, clips, whatever. It looks good enough to leave out but can also go in a drawer for organization.
1679 At quick glance, this looks like a fancy diamond ring. It is bright and pretty and the cubic zirconia go around half of the band. The band is thick enough so that it won't bend easily either.  The big stone in the middle is huge and all of them sparkle a ton under lights. It doesn't catch the light exactly like a diamond but you aren't paying for one. The band is rounded and comfortable as well.  A very pretty ring that would impress for any occasion.
1680 Electrical space is at a premium in our cars. My mini-van luckily has two charging outlets but event then I'm battling to see what I can plug in. This takes up one spot but offers not only another car port but 4 USB ports. It easily sits in the cup holder and the cord to plug into the car's outlet is plenty long enough if you want to tuck it somewhere farther away. So far it has worked well for what I've put into it.
1681 I was really surprised when I opened this box. The earrings are so much prettier than the photos. The edges are nicely finished and highly polished. The hoops are thick at the front and thinner at the back. I have to comment that they used really tight earring backs to keep them in box. When I went to take them off, it was tight and that made it easy to bend the back of the hoop. So be careful taking them out.  They are nicely boxed and would make a good gift.
1682 This is a cute speaker, especially for kids or the kid in you. It is about the size of a grapefruit. The sound comes out of the eyes, the mouth glows blue when powered and the cord that connects to your iPod or MP3 player wraps into a groove around the outside and clips to the back.  It takes three AAA batteries to power. It should come with a cable to attach to a laptop or to charge but it requires you to power it with batteries or your own USB to mini USB cable. I'm lucky enough to have a cable and AC power plug that works to power it without batteries.  The other issue is the volume. It has its own volume control but that along with the volume on your iPod, only gets to a moderate level. Good enough for background music but not enough to really 'rock-out'. I guess that's what you would expect from a small speaker.  It is not tinny in sound, pretty good even quality. But for $30, I've heard better. I guess the extra cost is for the cute appearance.
1683 Nice and thick but soft inside. Great for keeping loss of heat from your head. The color is neutral.
1684 This is a great budget priced action camera. And to add to the camera, it comes with a ton of accessories and mounting options.  The camera is small and easy to operate. It comes with an SD card but you can put a larger one in as well. It also comes with a back-up battery if you want to make sure you have one at the ready on a long day.  The camera fits neatly inside the waterproof case and all buttons are easy to operate. The video quality is great considering the size of the camera and cost. It is pretty intuitive to operate but it does come with instructions. You can mount it with the waterproof case or with a half frame case. There are plenty of straps, ties and clamps to affix it to just about anything.  A list of some of the included items: Waterproof Case Bicycle Stand 2 Bases Clip +case Fixed Base Charger cable with separate wall plug Adhesive tape, cables, wire Extra waterproof case cover  It can take video or still shots. I can't wait to try it this summer in the pool or out kayaking/swimming/water skiing in the Adirondacks. It's super easy to take the card out and as long as you have an adapter, slip the SD card into a computer to instantly see your videos and photos.  I always say you get what you pay for. So if you don't have the money for a GoPro, this is a nice alternative to get a lot in one package.  Sample provided for review.
1685 This is a great idea! If you don't have a labeler, this is a great alternative. It is a two part label. The first part is the one that you write on. It comes in three color accents. You write your own label and then the second part comes in. It is attached on one end and once you place your label, you pull off the backing of the laminating portion and lay that flat. This creates a clear covering over the paper label that you just wrote on.  Great idea to keep off dirty fingerprints and make a label that holds up to a lot of use.
1686 I have a 120GB Classic and this fits perfectly. It snaps together securely and comes apart with a gentle pry on the bottom. Since the 120GB comes in only silver and black, this is a nice way to add a little color and personality. I have no trouble using the touch dial and all ports are easily accessible. Keep in mind that, as with any iPod cover, you need to remove it to sit it in a docking station (stereo, etc) that requires a snug fit. It does work with the cover on while using an FM stereo transmitter though. I like that I can keep my iPod protected while personalizing it a little.
1687 Winter in our house is difficult because not only does the air get really dry, everyone is coughing or sneezing. This is a great unit for multiple use.  It has a fairly small footprint, about a 14" square base. It has three settings - that's it. Nothing fancy, nothing hard to figure out or operate. And the settings are just fan speeds. It is super quiet, especially in the lower two settings. The highest setting is like quiet noise but can be heard a little more.  What I really like is that all the parts can be put in the dishwasher (it is recommended to pull them out before the drying cycle for obvious reasons of warping). There are no filters that need to be replaced, just an interior baffle that rotates. I really like the functionality and ease of use and although we ran it for a few days to try it out, we'll be sure to use it throughout the winter months.
1688 We have the Wedgits to Go set. My 4 year old (girl) and 9 year old (boy) both play with it. Sometimes they just make up their own stuff but many times they follow these cards. The cards are broken down into skill levels. As they move to the advanced levels,they can get really hard since some of the pieces needed are hidden behind other pieces in the photo. My children really enjoy them and they are a great compliment to the Wedgits sets.
1689 This is a pretty apron and also pretty basic in construction. It has a nice tie for around the neck so you can adjust the length based on your own size. The waist tie is long enough to go around your waist and back to the front for a front bow. There is one pocket on the left side.  It is pretty but not chef quality material. It fits well and covers all pertinent parts.  The print at the bottom is a little faint in parts.
1690 This clay is a great price for the quantity you get. Tons of colors and the clay is really easy to work with. My daughter has a lot of fun putting things together and coming up with new ideas. Because it works so well, it easily brings out the creative side of users.
1691 This inexpensive t-shirt is soft and fits well. It is fairly thin material, great for a warm day. It is also a slim fit as in the description. My 6' tall but very skinny son fits well in a large (it's a little roomy on him). The neckline is a thin edge, thinner than most regular t shirts. Overall, not a bad shirt for the price.
1692 This is a great bathroom faucet! Our powder room has a small, pedestal sink and there isn't much room for the handles. So I've been looking to replace it with cross handles. This was a great option. It comes nicely packed so that you won't get any scratches on it during transport. There are three plumbing pieces, the two cross handles and the faucet. There are also two flexible hoses for connecting to the faucet. No instructions are included but either you get it or you don't. The finish is great and looks sharp. This particular style comes in a number of different finishes but you might have to search for them. One caveat - this does NOT have the ability to have a sink stopper. It cannot even be adapted for one. If you want a sink stopper (the pull up-push down that open and closes the drain) you will have to use a rubber stopper or a pop up drain dropper.  The faucet spout does stick out quite a bit into the sink so if you have small sink understand that it will be further out than most faucets. All pieces are solid metal except for the flexible hose. A great set with an old-fashioned style. Sample provided for review.
1693 This is not a local book of places to get great street food in Philly or NYC but is truly an international book with food that many of us will never get a chance to try.  Each page has a food item, where it originates, a description, origin and tasting. Then it gives a recipe, a photo and tips for cooking.  Very thorough and visually appealing.  I'm not sure I'd be able to get a number of the specialized ingredients in my Pennsylvania Dutch community but it is fun to read through and educate myself on the many foods of the world. And there are recipes that the average person can complete without anything super special.  A great idea and nice give for the foodie in your life.
1694 I was looking for a little more flavor for my rice and thought this might perk it up a bit. We tend to cook basmati rice on a regular basis and my kids like to add soy sauce (a practice my husband passed on) which I disagree with. I think good rice can taste great on its own paired with a good meal. But sometimes it's nice to have a little more pizazz. I usually Knorr products, soups, seasoned rice packets, etc. and have recently tried the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Knorr-Rice-Sides-Creamy-Chipotle-5-4-Ounce-Pack-of-12/dp/B00A4ASPWG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Knorr Rice Sides, Creamy Chipotle, 5.4 Ounce (Pack of 12)</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Knorr-Rice-Sides-Creole-Garlic-Butter-5-5-Ounce-Pack-of-12/dp/B00A4ASPXU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Knorr Rice Sides, Creole Garlic Butter, 5.5 Ounce (Pack of 12)</a>&nbsp;and enjoyed them (although they too have a lot of sodium but they also have a better depth of flavor).  But this product adds way too much salt (880 mg for 1/6 of the seasoning packet). If you have someone who likes a larger portion, they are getting way too much salt. And although it's nice to have some color on the plate (and some of the color comes from natural ingredients) some of the color comes from red and yellow food dye.  And this seems awfully expensive for seasoning packets.
1695 I've missed you. Really. I didn't realize how much I missed using a metal whisk until I used one again. And a beautifully made one at that. I've been using those silicone covered whisks, which have their place in the kitchen, but they aren't strong enough for all jobs. This whisk is strong and gets the job done quickly and best of all, maintains its shape! The handle is a little short but round and easy to grip. It also has a hook if you want to hang it.  There is just something very satisfying in getting back to using a good, metal whisk again and not one from the discount department store.  Sample provided for review.
1696 I tend not to buy stainless steel spatulas because they can scratch Teflon pans. However, we have stainless steel pans as well and there are times you need a solid spatula to scrape off the bottom or flip whatever you're cooking. This is a beautifully made spatula with a nice weight to it. The handle is rounded and easy to grip and if you like to hang your utensils, there is a hook on the end.  Cleans up easy and makes me realize how much I miss using a metal spatula.  Sample provided for review.
1697 This is a sturdy, hard shell, solid case that affixes easily to a regular bike or freestanding workout bike. There are Velcro straps to go around the handle bars and another Velcro strap to go around a center bar if necessary.  It comes with a rechargeable battery and cable for charging.  There is a nice, deep pocket that has a cover flap to keep things in. This is a big enough pocket for your phone or iPod, a set of keys, money and id. The unit has a solid zipper to keep it securely closed. My iPod played when plugged in using the included cable. And my Android phone also worked fine.  There are controls on the front that allow you to pause, go forward a track or go backward a track. There are also volume controls. These controls were not always responsive though so having a playlist would help.  It has a USB female plug that will actually allow you to charge your device (using your own USB cable) although charging while playing seems to get a little tricky as the power seems to switch from the speakers to the USB outlet every one or two seconds.  The sound was good and loud enough to hear while outside in standard conditions (not highway traffic but I wouldn't recommend riding your bike there anyway!).  I was able to hear a call come through and if I answered it using my phone, I could talk through it and hear the other end of the call.  For the price, this is a nice unit that will keep you listening on the road and your devices dry and safely stored.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1698 Just getting through the directions is a feat of confusion. We play games in our house a lot. We understand that some games require a learning curve but it is worth it for fun game play. This game is a little like 20 questions but with clay. There are so many nuances that we were all frustrated quickly. Even after playing it, I still feel a little lost on some of the game play. The board and parts are nicely made and there was a lot put into the game. But if you are a game noobie, this will have you running the other way.
1699 I like this four port plug and it's solid design. It does have some limitations though. It is pretty bulky and if plugged into a wall socket, it tends to be heavy and want to tip. It also means that you have to decide if you want the USB ports to be facing straight up or straight down. They are not accessible from the front (or parallel to the wall).  It has two LED lights that illuminate it when it is plugged in. It did a fine job with my smartphone and Kindle but will not charge my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet (but really, many wall plugs don't accommodate that tablet).  Overall, a nice design with rounded edges and compact USB ports. But the placement of the ports could be trouble depending on where you want to plug it in.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1700 These are a great idea. When my kids are trying to organize their binders for school (or even for a business project or household notes) it is sometimes difficult to separate the sections. There are tab dividers but these are nice for having a quick-to-move bookmark tab for times that you want to get right back to page you were last working on. The tabs at the top can have a label on them (provided) and there are plenty of extra labels if you want to change them out.  I really like that you can pull them out of the three hole without opening the rings up. I do wish they were a little more stiff so you could use them to flip but they are sturdy enough as a bookmark. The designs are pretty as well - not very masculine though.
1701 This large back-pack is great for a college or high school student. It could also be used for a casual business backpack. It has a very deep and well padded laptop pocket located to the back of the pack and closest to your body. Laptops are easy to get in and out. There are a few pockets inside although maybe one or two smaller pockets could help if you like to organize all your business/student items.  In total there is a single smaller compartment on the front, a larger compartment behind that with some pen holders and a small pocket, and the larger laptop compartment with one additional large pocket.  The shoulder straps are really nicely padded as is the back portion of the backpack, the part that rubs against your shoulder blades and your lower back. All straps are easily adjustable and there is also an additional clip to keep the two shoulder straps together across your front.  It's comfortable and large with plenty of room for expansion but probably too large for a middle school or younger student.
1702 For years, we've had issues with the batteries in our lawn and garden equipment. The tractor sits all winter, the DR Trimmer sits for many, many months, the snowblower sits for most of the year. So when we go to use them, the batteries can be dead. Although some of them have a pull crank override, it is really hard to use to get the engine moving. This is such a more affordable way to keep all the batteries in good working order. In the past we have had to a company come out to service the equipment or we take the battery out and run it into Sears to be charged.  It is easy to use and I like all the safety controls on it. I never knew that a trickle charge could be damaging so it's nice to have an alternative. I wish it had a bag to keep the extra cables in but we've been using the clamps so the other cables are just stored in our shed. I'm hoping I can try it out on our boat next summer as well.
1703 I was thrilled to pick this up on Prime Day at a great discount. It comes in a large box and needs some assembly. But it wasn't too hard and took me (by myself) about 20 minutes. You will need a screwdriver and wrench and a little muscle. The outer bars do not fit perfectly so I suggest screwing in the bolts partially until you get them all in and then tightening them. The lid does not fit perfectly either but it's a fire pit made of metal and I wouldn't expect it to be a perfect seal. It comes with a poker (in two pieces that screw together) for lifting the lid or stoking the fire. However, the poker is pretty useless except for lifting the lid. The screw joint is rather weak and it tends to come loose all the time. It also doesn't have the strength for moving logs because of the screw joint. The rest of the fire pit is great and it holds a lot of wood. The cut outs are really pretty when the fire shines through. I purchased this cover to go with it:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Classic-Accessories-58992-EC-Terrazzo-Fire-Pit-Cover-Round/dp/B00BBAP274/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Classic Accessories 58992-EC Terrazzo Fire Pit Cover, Round</a>.
1704 We have a number of 3D books that have the stereoscopes built in -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bugs-in-3-D/dp/B0009EG4T8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bugs in 3-D</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Amphibians-Reptiles-in-3-D/dp/0811825094/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Amphibians & Reptiles in 3-D</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beneath-the-Sea-in-3-D/dp/0811814122/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beneath the Sea in 3-D</a>. They work beautifully because the photos have been taken with such a high quality camera.  New York City in 3D has a bunch of great old black and white (somewhat sepia) photos that are terrific to look at on their own but the 3D aspect is somewhat lost in the old quality of the photos. The photos are often washed out and the printing screen is very noticeable when looking through the glasses. Some of the pictures don't really reflect the 3D either.  Having said that, the book is nicely made and has a paragraph of description/history for each photo. The cover is padded and has gold foil lettering and the collection of photos is pretty interesting historically. It is reminiscent of what someone might have seen when using the old fashioned stereoscope viewers which adds some charm to the book.  Overall the book is nice but lacks in the 3D benefit due to the quality of photos.
1705 Green. My daughter's favorite color. Especially if it is neon green. So she was thrilled to have this for the new school year. It is not a full sized notebook though so be warned that it may be accepted for turning in homework since the pages are not 8.5 x 11.  It is college ruled so it has less space between the lines. Which is good since my daughter is now in 5th grade and she doesn't need to write really big letters anymore. The spine is protected with a fabric cover and the cover itself if heavy duty plastic which will help a lot to hold it together more throughout the school year.
1706 I was hoping for a fun read for my 9 year old. But I read this first. It was way too much work to keep thinking through all the character names and definition interruptions to keep the storyline moving. By the time you are almost halfway into the book, the main story still hasn't really begun.  I think the intention is good, to use historical facts, a young scientist/inventor/written from the dog's point of view... etc. but it just becomes too complicated to stay enjoyable. There are good moral judgements, educational tidbits, and a strong vocabulary.
1707 I bought this to put in a see through locket. It is probably twice the size as the other silver charms I purchased. It has a lot of detail and looks just like the picture but it is a little too large in my book. Currently, I don't have it in because it just seems to dominate the locket. I did like that it came with a little tiny pearl and the detail on the wing is nice.
1708 This is a fairly quick play game that is fun for the family. I remember playing it (or a similar version) when I was a kid. It's been fun having in around with my kids. No problems picking up on the rules and I like the portability of the little tin.
1709 Our front step is open to the skies and gets a huge collection of ice as the water drips off of our roof line. Sometimes in the winter, it gets an inch or two of ice as the water builds up. It's a brick porch/step and we've been told not to put salt on it because it eats away at the masonry. So it becomes a treacherous balance to get outside especially when carrying things in your hands. This mat, while small and not the most attractive, has built-in melting properties. I did an informal test and put a bunch of ice cubes on it to see how well it melted. While it was not a scientific test in any way, it obviously melted them fine. The key will be when the ice builds up over time. What is nice is that the water wicks into the mat so there isn't a surface for it to actually stick to and build-up.
1710 I grew up watching these holiday shows and every year, without fail, we watch them again. But alas, we previously had the VHS set and our VHS player was retired. I was happy to get a copy of the blu-ray versions and got right back in the holiday spirit when watching them again.  They transferred well to Blu-ray even though I'm sure the original technology/quality was nothing like what blu-rays provide now.  Good menu screen, fun to watch, great for my kids to continue the seasonal tradition!  The blu-ray set is obviously a bit more of an investment so it's your call whether to choose the blu-ray or dvd versions. But this set is high quality.  I was provided a copy of this set for an unbiased and honest review.
1711 I bought this for my husband for Christmas. Direct through LEGO it was $120 so be careful of your purchase price.  At that price, it is the best LEGO set I've done so far. My husband has loved VW Camper Vans since I met him 20 years ago. So although he is not a LEGO fan, the idea of working together with him on this project seemed like fun. And it was (although painfully slow...). Total build time I would suspect to be about 8-10 hours - although for us we got many more hours of bonding time as he worked diligently to understand the pieces and how they went together.  The details are incredible. Shelves, drawers, a moving table, fold down seat, curtains, inside artwork, a sink, checkerboard floor, detailed dash, pop-up top etc. make this a super cool set when complete. All the doors open, the mirror door opens, the hatchback opens, the rear seat folds down to a bed, and the table folds up or down. I love the plaid curtains and the artwork that reads, "Make LEGO Sets Not War". The engine is visible and accessible - a neat addition.  I have a few customer images to show some of the detail that LEGO doesn't have illustrated. This is a terrific set for an older child or adult. It will take some time and patience but it is one to keep on display.
1712 I'm a sweet eater and definitely have trouble picking healthier snack options. These are tasty bites, not the kind that fulfill that strong desire for super sweet treats. But they are crunchy and full of great flavor. And they are packaged as individually wrapped mini-bites. It's nice to have so many in the bag and two flavors too.
1713 I have a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wacom-Intuos4-Medium-Pen-Tablet/dp/B001TUYTZW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wacom Intuos4 Medium Pen Tablet</a>&nbsp;and I love using it but the pens are used heavily in my office and occasionally, they come apart (usually from a quick grab or something.) It is getting harder and harder to find replacements so when my last pen was in pieces, this was the one I purchased.  It works just as good as my previous pen that came with the tablet and has added features. When you use this in Photoshop, you get different tip styles in the pallet hence it gives you much more detail and creativity in how you apply the pen to the tablet.  The tip is very hard and none of the extras are that rubbery kind. There is a felt type set though with varying edges (chisel or conical).  All of the other features on standard Wacom pens are included - a double side switch, an eraser and the ability to make the pen tip a click or double click.  A nice pen that is quickly becoming rare!
1714 These are amazing. They fit, well, like a glove! They are work gloves that protect well and fit really nicely. I have large hands (and I'm female) and these fit well. There is a little room for stretching so I'm sure they would fit the average male hand. The rubberized grip surface makes doing tricky work easy because the touch sensation is so much better than a bulkier glove. The wrist is closed off as well. Great for so many duties that require some protection but also a sensitive touch.
1715 I've been buying dividers for years for projects, kids, and committee binders. I usually buy the thin, plastic ones with the slip in tab. If you are still considering those, you need to change your mind and get these. They are super thick, super durable, and a great design.  The tabs don't get written on, you put your tab titles on a sheet (templates provided) that sits in pocket in the back. So because the tabs are super clear, you read through the tab to the sheet. This makes it really easy to make a change without writing out a new tab filler or writing on and erasing each tab.  This is a great system and to get 5 packs at this price is a bargain.
1716 Got these for my son's bike. It's a higher end, mountain bike. We lost the read axle when we took the tire in to be repaired. I think it might have been lost at the bike shop... but who knows. So I wasn't sure what size to get and figured I would try this one. It's been great. No problems getting it to fit and the quick release is perfect.
1717 I've used Command Strip hooks in the past and love them. But they can be pretty expensive. It is nice to have this option at a much lower cost. The pieces and hooks are just a smidgen larger but work the same. In my customer photo, the Command hook is on the left and the Dorman hook is on the right. They are not clear (like the other brand) and the material used to stick to the walls does not seem quite as strong. But it pulls off the same as the competition so that you don't have a mark on your walls. It does mean that once you pull it off, you can't use it again.
1718 Although this is a Motorola charger, it works great for my Droid Incredible. It has a secure plug and a normal length. I really like the clear circle (with the Motorola "M") that lights up with a clean blue light when it is plugged in.  So far so good, works great as a replacement charger.
1719 I had never heard of a mule mug until I saw this. So I looked into a little more. My research found this description from Wikipedia: "A Moscow mule is a buck or mule cocktail made with vodka, ginger beer, and lime juice, garnished with a slice or wedge of lime. It is usually served in a copper mug. It became popular during the vodka craze in the United States during the 1950s. The name refers to the popular perception of vodka as a Russian product."  So this mug is nicely made with a brushed stainless steel interior and a copper coated exterior. The handle is soldered through the mug and has a thumb rest on top. The lip is nicely rounded for a good sipping experience. This mug comes with a rubber coaster as well and arrives in the brown box as shown in the product description. Since I've never had one before I can't compare quality. But the finish on the outside is nice and shiny but not completely polished. It still has some faint ridges/lines.  Sample provided for review.
1720 This is a nice set of sheets that wash up well. The pockets are deep and the fabric is soft. I have two minor issues with them though. The print is one side only which I guess I'm not used to since most of my darker sheets are solid color (and therefore the same on both sides). And I washed them before using the first time and found a large mark/stain on one of the pillowcases. It's hard to say that it was there when they were delivered but I took them straight from the package to the washing machine and when they came out, there it was, a large, dark drop-like stain. I tried washing it out by hand and it lightened a bit but it also started taking the color off of the fabric. All I was using was my fingers and a little dish soap. So while I think the sheets are nice, my personal experience has been a little shaky.
1721 This is the perfect quick start game for the whole family. I used to love playing it when I was a kid. With a little practice, you get to know which pieces are good to balance on with others and what combinations are a complete fail. Lots of family fun.
1722 This is a good sized pencil holder in two half circle shapes. When the circle is closed, it has a magnet that keeps it in place. The pictures (wallet size) slide in easy at the top and have a protective acetate cover. I'm not sure yet why someone would keep it closed since I would assume that you would want the pictures to show.  Be careful of pricing, it should run no more than $10 with shipping.  A good pencil holder if your other desk accessories are also black.
1723 My son was doing his science experiment with liquids and laser refraction. This was the prism he chose. A couple of comments: the picture shows black edges, but that is just because it is hard to photograph the edges of acrylic. It is clear with beveled edges to construct the prism. While conducting the experiments, he became very frustrated as his results seemed to vary on and off. We finally realized that one side was not equal. So after trying it a few ways and figuring out which side was not right, we marked it with a sharpie to always have it in the same position, the one without the laser beam going through it. Next, there is a funnel for filling it and a stopper as well. It is hard to empty though but with a little shaking, it all comes out.  So for us, it was fine, with the understanding that it is not a highly calibrated piece of scientific equipment but with a little understanding of the limitations, we made it work.
1724 I've used cling wrap, plastic disposable stretch lids from the dollar store, and all kinds of other things to cover a variety of bowls and containers. None are perfect and many are annoying. These lids are great for getting a better seal with a little more security. They will not keep liquid from spilling if they are tipped - they can help to keep it contained a bit better though. They fit a large variety of containers and are best on glass since they create some tension. The tabs help to pull them around as well. They wash up perfectly and I love how they store nested. Sample provided for review.
1725 I thought this would work with my Bissell CleanView but it doesn't fit. This is a round filter but mine is a rectangle. It smells good though. I should have been more careful in checking the filter I needed.  Otherwise, it is about the same cost in comparison to the filters you would normally buy for these vacuums though.
1726 I know this isn't going to go over well. I love Febreze and the fresh smell that comes from this filter. But it is really expensive in comparison to the other replacement filters for this vacuum. At the time of this review, the Febreze filter is $24. A Hoover brand filter (no scent properties) is about $14. There are non-Hoover filters for less than $7.  So while this smells great and adds a temporary freshness to the air when cleaning, it comes at a hefty price.
1727 This was super easy to use. It suction cups to the counter, beans go in the top and come out in small segments in the bottom. If you are looking for about 1" sections of beans, this is great. I was hoping for more of a french green bean slice but they aren't long enough. However, these are perfect for soups and other things in which you don't want a great full-sized bean floating around.  The blades are sharp and cut easily. It all cuts with a hand crank and I can get about 3 or 4 beans in at a time. Which can make for tedious work if you need a lot but it goes quickly. Clean-up is easy as well.  Sample provided for review.
1728 UPDATE: This came apart on the 6th or 7th wearing. The little crystal in the center drop just came off. Not worth it.  (Original review: Such a pretty and dainty necklace. The parts are small but look really nice. The pendant part hangs independently from the chain so it moves along it as you move. The chain also has an extender to clasp it in whatever length you want.  It's very pretty and perfect as a gift. As usual, it comes packed in the Amazon Collection blue and black double box.)
1729 This is a beautifully crafted slicer. It is a hard plastic with a soft finish and smooth edges. There are three blades that all store on board. I've used other vegetable slicers that work well but this one takes it to a higher level. It is really nicely made and the red/dark gray color accents make it a standout.  It has four suction cups to keep it firmly on the counter. The handle turns easily and the blades are sharp. I've been using it for zucchini, carrots, potatoes and cucumbers. The zucchini takes a little practice because it is a softer vegetable but it still comes out great and makes for a nice change in presentation instead of just slicing it. I love that it just makes things a little more fun and interesting for presentation and is an easy way to prep fruits and vegetables for recipes.  It washes up really nicely as well. This is a great slicer that is sure to last. Worth the investment if you are going to use it regularly. I was provided a sample for testing.
1730 I've been familiar with the Fluval name for many years. I had a salt water tank a long time ago and Fluval were the recommended filter systems. So it didn't surprise that this was a great product as well. I've been using it on a 20 gallon fresh water tank. We have a plecostomus that keeps a lot of the tank looking pretty good but he adds a ton of waste to the bottom of the tank. So I was happy to be able to get some of the algae build-up that he didn't get too (he leave tidbits around) as well as to help decrease some of the bottom gravel junk.  This has been doing a wonderful job. My tank looks great and everything in it has survived without issue. This will last me a long time for my 20 gallon but if you have a larger tank, you will obviously go through it faster.  I have to say that I wonder if I'll take advantage of this and not do as many water changes assuming that this is taking care of things... false sense of security? Hmmm.
1731 I really like this little vacuum. Make no mistake, it is a small wet/dry vac and not a big, garage style version. It is perfect for cleaning out a car or other tight areas. It does not have wheels (because it is to small to really need them). It is easy to carry and has two attachments that work with the hose. One is a regular end and the other is a crevice tool. It will suck in and blow out. It has a filter for dry vacuuming as well. I do wish there was a clip to hold the power cord for storage though. There is nowhere to put it.
1732 Arnold Lobel is a genius when it comes to writing children's books. I don't know how he gets into their little brains but his offbeat stories always tickle their funny bones.  We have enjoyed many of his books over the years,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Frog-and-Toad-Are-Friends-I-Can-Read-Book-2/dp/0064440206/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Frog and Toad Are Friends (I Can Read Book 2)</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Frog-and-Toad-Treasury/dp/0060267887/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Frog and Toad Treasury</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mouse-Soup/dp/0064440419/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mouse Soup</a>&nbsp;and many others.  Owl was evidently not in line when they passed out brains but we love him dearly none-the-less. There are four stories included all of which make Owl out to be just a little slow in the common sense department. Like when he lets the winter in for a visit and gets mad when it deposits snow inside and freezes his soup. Then there is the time when he scares himself by watching the two "lumps" under the covers of his bed.  A very fun book to read to kids of many ages and a recommended beginner reader book.
1733 I like this case but I don't think it is as comfortable or protects as much as the other OtterBox case I'm using now.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/OtterBox-COMMUTER-SERIES-Case-for-Samsung-Galaxy-S9-Plus-Ocean-Way-Aqua-Sail-Aquifer/dp/B00Z7SCM56/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">OtterBox COMMUTER SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus - Ocean Way (Aqua Sail/Aquifer)</a>. This one is a little slippery and although lightweight can feel better, I'm not sure I am comfortable with lightweight on this new phone.
1734 I read Killing Ruby Rose and found it to be pretty superficial and very teen girlish. Which is the prime audience for reading it. Ruby is full of lots of things, including herself and for me, she is a very unrealistic character as is the situations she ends up in. However, Killing Ruby Rose was at least a little entertaining. Resisting Ruby Rose just bored me because the lack of depth of the character just became repetitive in this second story. And as a mom, I not so happy about the references to having sex as a young teen. But we do live in a different time and I remember reading books when I was a teen about girls in relationships and going there and it didn't change my mind about it.
1735 These are really nice rings. My husband lost his wedding ring awhile ago. Because these are so inexpensive, you can actually buy more than one and swap them out. They are really comfortable and beautifully finished.  This one has a beveled edge and a brushed stripe in the middle but the inside is curved and rounded for comfort. There is another King Will ring that is just like this but instead of having a flat edge, has a rounded edge. Both are very nice. Sample provided for review.
1736 First off, these are smaller than you think. They are not the large, sofa sized prints which is actually a benefit. However, they are beautiful prints that line up perfectly. The colors are vibrant. But make sure you read the dimensions because they are smaller than I expected although worth it for the price.
1737 Our pigs seem to like this but do leave some of the thicker stalks behind. There is a big difference in the quality of hay between bags. Some bags are filled with a mix of soft and really thick, hard strands. Others have lots of really short, very dusty stalks. It's hard to say if it is better than another brand. I've tried others, like Peter's Nature Hay, and although the hay was softer, I can't say I noticed any difference in how much they ate or loved it.  So for now, Mordecai and Rigby like this hay and since it is what is most available, it's probably what I will continue buying.
1738 This was a fun book to look through. Someone had a ton of fun creating LEGO scenes packed with details!  I have to say that initially, I was a little taken aback at the opening lines on each page: "Big A, little a, what begins with a?" because it is how Dr. Suess's ABC book reads. So while I'm sure he isn't the only one using this opening line, I kept thinking of his book that I read through over and over when my kids were little.  Other than that, I like that both letters - upper and lowercase - were shown and that there are multiple things to do on each letter page spread. You can read the page, find the letter words and find the words in the LEGO picture. Sometimes there is another incentive to look again for something else as well.  Overall a fun book and good for a preschool crowd.
1739 Confession here, it's been a long time since I've been in the market to listen to pick-up lines. But as a woman, I was on the receiving end of enough to know what where okay and which ones were just way over the line.  This is a collection of lines arranged by category (some are repeated in different categories) that could potentially give the shy guy the confidence to try and approach a nice gal on a Friday night.  Overall, most of them were harmless, many very old and well-used. However, maybe I'm a prude but there was a section of really, really crude lines that would most likely get a guy a drink in the face or even a black eye. Hard to believe that someone has the 'balls' to even put them in print.  Somewhat fun to read through, bland after awhile, although maybe just what the shy guy needs.  I purchased the book during a free download period after receiving an email from the author.
1740 Our laptop is not too old but old enough that it gets taxed when a few things are running. My husband always freaks out a bit when he can hear the fan running at top speed for a bit. While this is not an ideal solution it is working. It sites to the side of the laptop and has a silicone end to seal around the vent as best as possible. (There are multiple options for finding the one that works for you). It runs off of a USB power cable. Then it has an attachment at the bottom with three suction cups to hold it in place. These are hopelessly useless. I cannot get them to work but I can prop it up a bit to get the best coverage. It is a bit loud as well but if it saves your computer...  The air is sucked out of the laptop creating more circulation and it is monitored with a temperature indicator on the front of the fan.  It seems to help a bit but between the amount of desk space it takes up and the rigging to keep it in place, it can be a little frustrating. But it works so it does what it says it will. Sample provided for review.
1741 I love a lot about this book (and it is 5 lbs!) for a number of reasons. It is really well organized. Many sections with questions, great instructions on how to take them and time them and the not only the answers at the back of each section but an explanation as well. But what I thought was really funny was the comment in the introduction under "Ways to Use This Book" it says, "Put this book down and rest your feet on it. Then go and get a different book: the real ACT Prep Guide, from the maker of the ACT." They say this because although this book is great practice "only the real ACT Prep Guide can provide *actual* problems retired from the ACT.'  There are lots of tips for taking the test as well as practice and suggestions for the essay portion. I found this to be really easy and conversational to read and although the questions can be a nightmare, the rest of it is non-threatening and well written.
1742 There is nothing worse than driving down a dark road and all of a sudden, there's a biker or jogger in front of you and often they are wearing dark clothes. If you are going out in the evening, you need to have reflective clothing and/or lights.  I go out walking a lot in the early evening until dark. But I often have a flashlight or headlamp on me. However, my dog runs around with just her night-glow eyes. While we tend to walk on a private road with no traffic, I do worry about times that someone is using the road and might not see her or even me. These lights are really useful, not only because they clip on so easily but the can also be wrapped on tightly with a Velcro strap (like on her collar). They come with (replaceable) batteries and turn on/off with a quick click. They can be a steady bright red light or a flashing red light. They are visible from quite far away and add safety to any bike rider, walker, jogger or even a dog. I get a kick out of watching my dog bouncing away with the light on her collar. It's like a personal tracking device.  These are a must have for anyone outdoors in the dusk or evening hours. Sample provided for review.
1743 Key of Life is an oddball Japanese drama and comedy all wrapped into one. Sakurai is at his wits end, broke, an unemployed actor, living in a crappy apartment and unable to even commit suicide with any success. His suicide attempt left him sweaty and smelling so he decides to go to a bath house to clean up. This was an odd scene and it felt a little intrusive watching a room full of naked (albeit properly hidden) Japanese men wash off. However, this is where the story starts to pick up speed - literally! 'Hit man' Kondo slips on a bar of soap and ends up in the hospital with amnesia. Lucky for Sakurai, he switches locker keys before Kondo is removed from the bathhouse and so the two assume each other's lives and all that comes with it. What I found interesting was that Kondo maintains a tidy and strong disposition while he tries to remember his life as Sakurai. It was also interesting that Kondo (as Sakurai) becomes somewhat depressed living under the conditions that were left for him. Sakurai (as Kondo) uses Kondo's ample money to pay off his debts and yet still seems to be depressed and ready to end it all. Eventually, their paths cross again and again and a girl gets in the middle to add a little drama and kindness to it all. I enjoyed the beginning, felt the middle dragged a bit, and really liked the ending. The characters were appealing and likeable. The violence was not too graphic, and the dialogue had humor and wit. Captions were easy to read and not intrusive to the enjoyability of the film.  I was provided a review copy in exchange for an honest review.
1744 I have a young daughter and my two greatest fears for her are that she will experiment with drugs or be sexually assaulted. It was hard reading this because I kept thinking about my own daughter and what I could do to protect her, empower her and give her a voice. Unfortunately, situations like the rape in this book happen more than we want to admit. There are so many social pressures and so much internal dialogue that it is hard for someone who has never gone through it to understand that the logical thing is not often what our minds tell us to do. And I can say that I have never had to experience this first hand so I only speak from suppositions.  The story is tough to read at times and although a little disjointed in places, will hit a nerve with many. Hopefully there are lessons that can be learned.
1745 I've had this in my cart for quite awhile and finally decided to buy them. They are just what they look like, a rubberized tray with 9 slots for ice cube Easter Island Moai. And for whatever reason, they are just so appealing. They fill easily but since they are rubber, it is easy to spill as you transfer to the freezer - maybe putting it flat on a tray and then sliding it off would work better.  The ice cubes pop out easily and have a ton of clear detail. I'm sure there are so many cool things you can do with them (I'm inspired by the customer pictures!) and I will begin experimenting.  Really cool cubes at a reasonable price.
1746 This is a super quick and easy way to add a little three-dimensional decoration to a room. Perfect for a child or teen's room, a daycare, doctor's office or whatever. They arrive flat with stick-on dots. You fold them open and stick them on a wall. On the smaller ones, you might need to trim the dots a little to fit in the fold.  Sample provided for review.
1747 This arrives flat and it hard to get it to stand upright as its nature is to collapse again. However, it is a good size for dog toys and is certainly lightweight and easy to move. Once you put some things inside, it holds upright much better.
1748 I love Hallmark 'magic' ornaments and so do my kids. When I found out there was an ornament for on old toy of mine I was thrilled.  I purchased mine on ebay for about $24. Beware of people trying to get too much. I think it originally sold for $17 but I'm not 100% sure. This is a perfect replica including moving hands, a moving blue face as the music plays, and the song plays through if you wind it enough. It even has the distinct "tick tock' in parts of the background music.  In comparison to other Hallmark magic ornaments, which can also be quirky at times, it is on par. I am really looking forward to putting it on my tree this year and having it bring back happy childhood memories of "My Grandfather's Clock".
1749 My 10-year old daughter is not a big reader but she likes the Diary of a Wimpy Kid books. I think the combination of pictures and story helped to keep her engaged. She's enjoyed reading Kate the Great. And since Kate is also in 5th grade like my daughter, she's been able to relate to her character and some of the situations.
1750 It folds flat for storage and opens to a cube for storage. Get it? It's shiny and holds its shape fairly well. There is a bit of a crease on the sides. The bottom is loose and helps to hold the sides more rigid.
1751 We've had an OXO can opener for a long time. I thought that was about as easy to use as it could get. But I was surprised when I took this out of the box and immediately knew the OXO was in for a fight.  This is heavy but not overbearing. It is super sleek and smooth. The joints move like there is super lube in them. Opening them with one hand is a breeze. The cutting blade is really sharp and I've gone through cans without any issues. I never even get that last tidbit that never seems to cut. It goes through the whole lid.  The black turn knob is ergonomic and comfortable sits in your thumb and fingers. It turns with little effort as well.  It has two hooks at the bottom I guess for hanging but even though it is a really nicely made opener, I've never thought to hand my utensils.  It also has a bottle opener and a soda tab lifter. I think this would make for a great gift especially for an older adult.  I was provided a sample for testing and review but can honestly say this is the best can opener I've ever used.
1752 This thermometer does just what it says it will. It has a long probe with an insulated cable that runs to the display unit. The display can be set to most temps to alert you when the probe gets to that temp. Once the probe temp reaches the alert, it emits a (albeit somewhat quiet) beeps signal that can be turned off with the push off one button.  The display unit has a magnet on the back in case you want to affix it to the outside of something but don't put in on a hot grill or other hot surface. I'm sure it is not designed to hold up to high temp exposure.  It comes with a AAA battery as well. Sample provided for review.
1753 How many bingo games are there for little kids? Not a lot that are as fun as Zingo!  We have used our game over and over. The red case is filled with hard yellow tiles that are hidden until slid forward into slots.  Two tiles show at a time.  Each player has a Zingo card filled with pictures. Each card is two sided, one red, one green. One color set of cards contains more shared items on a card. The other set has fewer shared items.  The object of the game is to have the dealer slide the tiles forward for show and any player that has a matching picture on their card yells out the name of the picture. If they are the first to call it out, they get the tile. The first person to cover all the pictures on their Zingo card gets to yell (and in our house it gets rather loud) ZINGO!  Two or more players may have a need for the same tile but it is the first to call it out that gets it.  We always start by reading off the items on our cards. That gears the kids up to thinking about what they will need to look for and reinforces the picture/word relationship. Each picture has the matching word underneath on the cards as well as the tiles.  It does become a little mundane for parents but it is an easy game to play in 5 minutes and can be played over and over before a child gets bored.  I would recommend this for children ages 3-7.
1754 What a great messenger bag! This bag is well constructed and really rugged looking. It's made with thick denim with leather accents and woven straps. There is only one large pocket on the inside (and one very small zippered pocket). There are many smaller and sealed pockets on the outside. The two front buckles are mock and actually close with a magnetic clasp. But you can actually adjust the buckle location if you want a tighter or looser.  The bag looks amazing and would be great for any guy or gal, especially those in a a casual workplace, school, college or whatever. Sample provided for review.
1755 These are great. Not oily and with just enough honey roast flavor. Great for snacking!
1756 These glasses are very retro and definitely look the part. It's been awhile since I've seen people wearing mirror glasses but perhaps they are making a comeback. These are wire frame so construction is always a bit less solid than a plastic composite but it depends on how tough you are on your glasses.  My son wore them recently on a full day excursion to Washington, DC and looked super cool in them. But when I wear them, I find that they have a haze to them which is frustrating when looking for a clear view.  They are fairly comfortable and the flexible hinge is a great benefit, especially at this price.  Overall, a fun pair of glasses, but they are not polarized and a little hazy.  3.5 stars.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and and honest review.
1757 This is a great set, works perfectly straight out of the box. It includes an LED strip (only the strip is waterproof, everything else is not) that is 100" long (8' 4") not including the power cord. The strip is does not have an adhesive backing for mounting but it does come with a series of screw in clips to hold it for a more permanent mount.  The LED strip plugs into a transformer with the remote receiver which in turn plugs into the power supply. The remote is very responsive and comes with a battery, all ready to go. There are a ton of options, just about every color, speed variability, brightness variables, set programming or you can program your own.  A very responsive set with the option of adding additional strips. It can be a little tricky to combine according to the instructions (not as easy as just plugging another set in but this method eliminates a bulky plug in the middle of the strips). You have to cut the strip at a specific spot and crimp a connector to it and the new strip.  A great idea for a bedroom, rec room, dorm, or teen party. Tons of uses for a business to use in a display area, to draw customers to the back of a store, etc.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1758 We have a small tank with mostly tetra type fish. They love this food, seem to stay healthy, and have a fairly long life. It stays flaky and easy to put a pinch in without overfeeding. It would be an improvement on the packaging if it had a shaker top but this works.  Oh, and the dog likes it too. If she can get her chops on it, she runs around shaking it out and then licking it off the floor.
1759 This is a solid powerbank in a compact size. Round corners make sure that if you are digging around in a briefcase or bag, you won't crack your fingers into hard corners. The powerbank has a four LED system to indicate how much juice is left and this indicator stays lit while charging (both charging the powerbank or your device). There are two ports for charging although using just one port at a time produces faster charging results. And this does charge quickly. With 7800mAh, I can get about three full charges for my phone or two charges for my Kindle Fire.  It comes with probably the nicest carry bag I've ever seen for a powerbank. It is a double lined soft case with a bead toggle to keep it closed. While that toggle may not keep the lose plugs ends inside, it will keep the powerbank and a cable inside safely. You can use the included cable with any of the four more commonly used plugs or your own USB cable. It has one more added benefit which is a moderate level LED light that runs for a long time on the powerbank battery.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and review.
1760 Nicely made. They fit my 5'11" son nicely although they are a little loose in the waist for him. He is really skinny though. Nice fabric, soft and good for thinner legs.
1761 This is a super long and perfectly tapered pizza cutter with a nicely finished walnut handle. The handle is bolted through the blade in three places but they are flush so there is never a chance of catching the edges on your hands.  The blade is really long and perfect for a quick rock from side-to-side to quickly slice through a regular pizza. It is sharp and made of a brushed aluminum. It washes up easily but don't leave it sitting in the water because it could eventually ruin the handle (it is sealed wood but just in case.)  I was provided a sample for review.
1762 For the price, this is a great deal. It was good paper and arrived safely without creases or wrinkles. And you've gotta love Escher!
1763 I was so surprised when I opened the box and took these out. This triptych is large, very colorful and the images are clear and vibrant.  The framework is good and square and not distorted at all. They are easy to hang and look great with a little space between each picture. I had a small spot at the top of one that the image was slightly rubbed off. It was easy enough to fill it in (it was only about an eighth of an inch) so that the canvas didn't show through and even before doing that, it was not noticeable. This is a very peaceful photo and very pleasant to look at.  They arrive quickly in a big box ready to go. Perfect for visual impact in any room - bedroom, living room, conference room or office.  Sample provided for review.
1764 While these are cute and fun to match with the other Funky Rico products, and the retractable concept is also fun, these may not be the longest lasting earbuds around. They work ok and look cute but don't seem to have the construction to last through long-term use. Sound is okay. Sample provided for review.
1765 This is such a pretty necklace! It's heavy but super sparkly and reflective. The bolo style is great and allows you to place the 'flower' where ever you want. It stays fairly well put and so far, I've had no problems with snagging material. The little dangles at the end add a nice touch. The flower is really pretty and definitely adds a classy, dressed-up look to any outfit. Sample provided for review.
1766 This is a powdery perfume and not floral enough for my taste. It isn't obnoxious and I'm sure it is okay on others but for me, it's just not right. I tend to wear lighter fragrances with a heavy floral scent. This reminds me a little of Angel.
1767 We've had this bookshelf set for quite a while in my son's room. It holds up really well since it is made from solid wood that has quite a bit of heft to it.  Our shelves have been packed with books and have never warped or sagged. The height is good for most children's books and we put the taller books on the top shelf and never felt like it was going to tip. But keep in mind that my son never tried to climb it which will certainly cause it to tip.  A great bookshelf that will last for many years.
1768 This happy little guy is visually pleasing with bright colors and a happy shape. I've always liked the quality of Manhattan Toys. This little puppy has a windswept look which is fitting because when his back is pushed down, he flies across the room. On a hard floor, it will travel at least 10 feet. On carpet, it travels about half of that distance.  This may be frustrating for a baby that is only crawling. Not only because it takes a bit of push power to get it down but also because it does go so far away. However, an energetic toddler will get a lot of mileage out of it while they run back and forth. The top is the right size for a small set of hands to be able to grab it with little effort.  The colors are bright and the rough bumps on the wheels add a little tactile sensation.
1769 I love this book. I previously bought&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cat-Heaven/dp/0590100548/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cat Heaven</a>&nbsp;for my daughter when she lost her first cat. Now that my good friend lost her dog of 14 years it was time to send her this book.  It is just as wonderful as Cat Heaven and gives you a sense of peace and happiness thinking that your dog is in such a beautiful and happy place, running free, playing all day and being loved by angels everywhere.  It makes you cry, makes you smile, makes your heart hurt a little more but you can't beat the message since it is what you envision happens to your pet when they die.  A wonderful book for any pet lover or one who has just lost a pet.
1770 While I have to agree that these were ready to wear and did not need the same kind of breaking in as some other sneakers, I do have a problem with this shoe.  The theory is great but the extra thick sole, especially in the middle of the shoe creates a convex walking surface. This means that instead of having a cut out at your arch, there is a thick bump to walk on in the middle of your foot. The problem for me is that my arch cramps up while walking. This sometimes makes me walk on the outside or inside surface of the shoe.  I know this won't be a popular review because these sneakers are so well liked but for me, they are difficult to wear -- although I'm not giving up yet.
1771 I LOVE how this looks. I had an Otterbox on my phone for the past year. It was great protection. But this looks amazing. Because it's partially clear, the zig zag design floats above the phone. It looks great with my gold phone but I'm sure it would look good with the other colors as well.  The case itself fits nicely but is definitely a little less protection that the Otterbox. But it still has a raised lip on the top and bottom so that the face of the phone never touches a table or other surface.  Lastly, the case is super smooth and feels great in my hand. It's lightweight and just looks classy.
1772 Little Sarah is a fun and crafty gal! I've read a couple other Simply Sarah books and have found her to be a sweet and ingenious idea girl (as her daddy likes to call her). In this story, Sarah is very sad when her 'pet' pigeons decide to nest across the way in front of the apartment that belongs to other children. Sarah tries to get her pigeons back but eventually comes up with an even better idea.  Sarah is sweet and the stories are friendly but often teach a lesson or two. Parents and mixed families work together, there is a friendliness and familiarity that makes it all feel good.  I highly recommend any of the books in the Simply Sarah series for young readers grades 1-3. And it helps that I have my own sweet Sarah for a daughter.
1773 Although we don't have Super Smash Bros, we have a Wii and a Wii U and lots of Nintendo games that require the classic controller. I like how this plugs into the rectangular Wii remote and doesn't have to plug into the console. That way, you can sit further back. The controls were fine as I used them for our games. I had no trouble getting used to the positioning and the responsiveness was good. I'm not a huge gamer so I can't say that it was better or worse for switching but while playing games that I was used to with our old controllers, this wasn't a problem. It seems solid enough and the Wii U controller actually gets a little heavy at times (for me).
1774 This stylish, compact umbrella is really nicely made and perfect for keeping in a briefcase or car. It has an easy open button and is also auto close although it is a little loud when closing and takes a bit of pressure to push the handle down. The ribs are made of metal and heavy duty plastic or rubber that is thick enough to hold up to a lot of use. The rubber parts are at the outer edge where umbrellas are most likely to bend the metal ribbing so I see it as a great way to add extra strength without extra weight of heavier metal. It has a matching closure strap and cover.  The whole umbrella is classy and fun with just enough personality to use for business and make a small statement. It is a comfortable weight and has a large canopy as well, good enough for two if you are in a bind. I was provided a sample for testing.
1775 After using Pyrex measuring cups for years, I had a bad back from bending down all the time to read the side of the cup. If you can't bend over, you had to lift the cup and hope that you had it level.  OXO got it right by putting an angled reading area so that you can tell from above if you have the correct amount. There are still measurements on the side for those that like their exercise in the kitchen (bend over and up, repeat).  I especially like the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mini-Angled-Measuring-Cup-1-4-cup-capacity/dp/B000ON555S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mini Angled Measuring Cup - 1/4 cup capacity</a>&nbsp;that measures up to 4 tablespoons (not included in this set). An amazingly simple idea that makes the simple task of measuring so much easier.  These are plastic but have held up for years for me.
1776 I like a bowl of oatmeal in the morning and I enjoyed this product. It was easy to cook and mixed up well.  Inside are tons of tasty fruit bits (apples and craisins) and walnuts in every bite - something that is often missing in mixes with added flavors.  It has great taste and was enjoyable to the end. The only drawback is that the nutritional content may be limiting to some who are watching calories, carbs and fat content.  Calories: 290 Fat: 8 g   sat fat 1g   trans fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg Sodium 270mg Total Carbohydrate 53g   Fiber 5g   Sugars 22g   Protein 6g  So if you aren't watching your diet, this a great and tasty breakfast. If you are, the fat and carbs can be a limitation.
1777 What a great deal! My kids and I love to do origami projects but sometimes, the paper can be expensive. Especially if you're learning new pieces, it's frustrating when they get all messed up and you need a new sheet. This is such an affordable set that you can practice, create and share without worry. Lots of colors and the paper is thin and easy to put a clean crease in. Sample provided for review.
1778 It seems that bluetooth speakers come in all shapes, sizes and added features. This unit has the great feature of being water resistant (that doesn't mean to keep it out in the rain or drop it in the bathtub) and shockproof. And it looks like it can stand up to some abuse. A solid cube of sound is packed into this compact speaker. It comes with a wrist strap in case you want to swing it around (not really) but if you want to hang it from something that is a nice feature. The outside is a black rubberized ring that will protect it from scratches and bumps. The back of the unit has a flip over seal that will alternately expose the ports and cover them as well. If you are plugged in, it flips to the other side and has a little place to slip into and stay out of the way.  The back has ports for charging, direct plug (aux) usage and on/off/aux switch. It connected easily to my smartphone and did a nice job of playing a variety of styles with good sound quality. While it is not the best, you have to give some things up to get the benefit of the other features and stay in this price range. It was not bad sound quality and for being outside, driving, riding, or whatever, it is perfectly fine. It does not have a ton of depth to the sound quality but I wouldn't expect that for this price range and usage.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and review.
1779 Traveling with cables can be a nightmare. I just came back from a trip overseas and I had bags and cases filled with charging cables, portable hard drives, a tablet, Kindle, etc. I didn't have this to work with before I left but it would have helped. I ended up having to pull all my electronics out during TSA screenings and if everything was in this, it would have been much easier.  There is plenty of room for a small tablet like a Kindle Fire or iPad mini. There are spots for larger cables, mesh pockets for flash drives and memory cards, extra camera or product batteries, or plugs. There is an extra piece that is completely removable that has elastic sections for holding cables in place and an additional zippered pouch. It is hard to get larger plugs in without bulking up the whole thing but one will work. A laptop cable might not work well inside since they have such a large transformer box.  It all zippers closed and has a wrist carry handle. Sample provided for review.
1780 This speaker is super easy to use, loud, and cool looking. I had it outside all day yesterday while doing yard work and it was perfect. It comes with a USB charging cable and an audio cable for direct hook-up if you don't want to use Bluetooth. The Bluetooth hooks up very easily - very discoverable. The speaker is loud and sounds great and seems rugged enough for outdoor use while also looking good enough for indoor use in a living room, kitchen, dorm room, etc.  It is also at a great price for the sound and portability. Sample provided for review.
1781 This is easy to set and comes down fast. When they call it a Quick Kill, it is. The red bar comes down with a slight tap of the bait cover. What is nice is that the bait is in a compartment that has a cover. The mouse sticks its head inside to get the bait, which means that it is definitely in the right position, and wham, the bar comes down and no more mouse. I'm sorry to kill them but I hate when they come in my basement in the fall.
1782 I've had other Securitylng flashlights and have been pleased with the longevity and performance. This particular model is a very compact, small version. Along with the small size, it only takes a single AA battery and provides a small light. You can focus the beam to a fairly small beam. It has a clip for attaching to a coat or strap.  Overall, a moderate light at an affordable price. It's compact size is the best feature. Sample provided for review.
1783 When I need hard boiled eggs, I usually boil them but inevitably, one or two of them crack and cook outside of the egg. This Electric Egg Cooker is great for cooking the perfect hard (or soft) boiled egg. You can cook up to 7 at a time but as little as 1. It comes with a cup (that doubles as an egg pin on the bottom) that allows you to choose the amount of water based on two criteria: how many eggs you are cooking and how much do you want them cooked.  The water goes in the bottom, each egg gets a pin poke at the top, and the unit gets turned on. My first try was for two eggs, hard boiled. It took 9 minutes. I heard the buzzer across the house and the unit turned off. It actually works by boiling away all the water and then it switches off.  Clean up is easy. My eggs were cooked perfectly, peeled easily. One of them did cook out the top just a little but nothing like the leaks you can get in a boiling pot.  I was provided a unit for testing and review.
1784 I'd really like to give this a four star review because set-up was a pain in the butt but now that it's set up, it's great. So I can't really penalize the performance. I have a dual band Linksys router with WPS so set-up should have been as simple as plugging it in and pushing both buttons. But it didn't work that way (and I had the router and extender within inches of each other). I tried three times. Then I went to the manual set-up instructions. I got nowhere. So I called tech support. Forty minutes later (argghh) and I finally had it working. I'm pretty technically savvy so it was frustrating to go through all the minutia that they kept asking me. We ended up running an Ethernet cable directly from the extender to my laptop and finding it that way. Once it was established and linked to my router, I could unplug it and move it wherever I wanted (within good range of my router). So it is on the other end of the house. It provides a 5 bar signal in areas that had a very weak signal before. Overall, I'm happy but I just wish it was easier to set-up.
1785 This is a good sized pencil holder in two half circle shapes. When the circle is closed, it has a magnet that keeps it in place. The pictures (wallet size) slide in easy at the top and have a protective acetate cover. I'm not sure yet why someone would keep it closed since I would assume that you would want the pictures to show.  Be aware that some offers include excessive shipping.  A good pencil holder if your other desk accessories are also black.
1786 We have a motor boat that sits all winter. It's old and temperamental. We have been using this for years in the oil of the boat. It seems to help but like many additives, it's hard to know unless you have a scientific study with comparison groups. This is a large size and easy to handle.
1787 I love the scent of a true rose. It reminds me of my grandad who used to grow all kinds of roses in his garden. This spray has a wonderful scent and does a nice job adding a spritz of moisturizer to my skin. It's not the same as a lotion style moisturizer but it has its own benefits and qualities. Very nice quality and scent.
1788 Lenny Cyrus has a crush on Zooey and with genius parents, has figured out a way to get to her brain to talk to her - inside her body as a 'virus'. The story is written from the perspective (with each chapter change) of the main characters in the book. It is pretty funny when Lenny finally goes internal and we get quite a lesson in anatomy, chemistry and major body functions, including some basic human sexuality. I say that because although this is listed as okay for 9 year-olds, I don't think I want my daughter reading it yet.  So we follow this middle school crowd through the rigors of puppy love and school plays and odd relationships.  The body parts, enzymes, viruses, etc are sometimes a little contrived in their conversations but if I were to animate these biological parts, I'm sure this is how I would picture it.  A fun story to read, even for adults with middle schoolers.
1789 This muddler has a great weight and feel to it. It has a stainless steel finish with a hardened and pointy (or 'toothy') nylon tip. The weight makes it sink well and nice to handle. The finish and curve of the handle makes it look nice when sitting out on a counter, especially during a party.  It is great for mojitos and other drinks where you want to infuse the flavor. The description says you can use it in place of a mortar and pestle but I haven't had a need to try it out that way yet.
1790 My good friend is a big fan of red foxes. So she got this as one of her Christmas presents. I love the sweet face and super shiny finish. It sits very flat and looks great even if you just have it on a shelf. It looks even better near the sink to drop rings on while washing dishes or doing food prep.
1791 Make sure you know how wide your child's locker is before buying this. My daughter's elementary locker was wide enough but out middle school lockers are smaller in height so this takes up a lot of space. Also, the locker has to have two hooks on the two outside walls to hook into this for hanging.  Once it is up, it is works ok but it can get a little wobbly when you put something on it. The hooks that were just used to hang this are replaced by two hooks at the bottom of this extender. They are heavy duty plastic so I wouldn't hang a heavy backpack on them but they are good for a coat or purse.
1792 Bad to the Bone is anthropomorphism on steroids.  Bo is one savvy dog with a wicked (but loving) attitude.  I enjoyed reading this book. It is not a story with a big plot but lets face it, a dog's life with one family is a journey but not usually a thriller.  Bo has a great sense of sarcasm and a contemporary way of sharing his life stories and they were well organized and made sense as you read through.  There area a bunch of pages interspersed throughout the book of just random lists like: "Favorite non-food smells (Dog butt, Cat butt, Dead chipmunks in the yard, etc); Vanity Plates I'd Get (BO RULEZ, LUV2BARK, etc).  There are a few black and white pictures throughout but not so many as to make Bo look too vain.  This is not a dumbed-down version of life from a dog's perspective but an intellectual and humorous accounting of life as Bo.  A fun read. Best of luck to you Bo as you face your retirement years! And keep Moose in line would ya?
1793 I know there are a lot of critics about the sounds this doll makes but I believe it has been taken care of by this newer "model". My daughter's doll just gurgles and coos and occasionally says, "mama". She also blows raspberries (which my son says are "farts".) She is small for a baby doll but perfect for a young child to haul around. She comes with a cute outfit. The hat is sewn on so I wouldn't recommend taking it off or it will not stay in place. She comes with a four position switch. One is for trying it out, one is for movement and sound, one is movement only and one is to turn everything off. She is really cute in her movements and sounds (but after awhile, it does get on my nerves so we switch it to movement only!). My daughter loves playing with her and tending to her needs.  BIG NOTE: the picture shows that she comes with keys and a blanket. THIS IS NOT ACCURATE. She only comes with a pacifier and bottle. This picture must be for an earlier model. Forget the cynical reviews, this is a good little baby doll at a good price.
1794 Is this your grandmother's lace cloth? Nope but it is a much easier to care for and much less expensive version. The lace pattern is a pretty floral one. The edge is just stitched not hemmed. It has a bright white (almost slightly bluish tinge). For this price, if it gets massively stained, you can just get another one. It's pretty but durable.
1795 I loved the description of this book and found it to be so much more when I read it. It is cleverly written in an easy-to-read style. James is a likable young man with an affinity to trees and prose. He's quirky and seems to be having a lot of trouble fitting into high school. But you quickly realize that there is much more to his life and many reasons behind his troubles.  I loved his 'conversations' with Dr. Bird. What a great way to do some self-analysis and introspective thinking. And the fact that 'Dr. Bird' had a sense of humor, a tilt of the head, and the ability to get James to rethink or come to terms with his thoughts was clever.  There are some pretty heavy topics, anger issues, self mutilation, abusive parents, so I would be careful on the age of the reader. I would suggest age 14 or 15 depending on maturity level.  A great read, nicely written.
1796 I wanted these to keep a sign on a window. They are okay but it depends on how heavy the sign is. Sometimes they pop off. What I will say is that they are much smaller than I expected. They are about the size of a nickle (once flattened).
1797 Kids love to put things in and take them out. This little birdhouse is one of many toys that allow kids to do so over and over. The clear sides allow them to see if there is anything inside. The four birds (included) are colorful and cute and make a little noise when shaken. The lid lifts up a little to allow for additional in and out areas. There is a nice variety of colors, patterns and textures.  The only problem we had with ours was that the clear plastic is not as rigid and ours bent a little over time. It did not take away from the playability of toy though.  This one is a keeper. It's just too cute to give away even though my kids have outgrown it!
1798 I remember reading the book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Masquerade/dp/080523747X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Masquerade</a>&nbsp;as a teenager and thinking that it must have taken so much time to plan out and execute the puzzles and codes. At the end of Masquerade was an exquisite piece of jewelry hidden in the countryside of England. Eleventh Hour is a similar concept where hidden in the story and pictures are clues but the mystery is in who ate the birthday feast.  The story is fun to read but the illustrations are what makes the book worthwhile. The detail and hidden messages are fun to look for. The kids can enjoy the book as just a picture book or they can appreciate it for the puzzling.
1799 We just went on an international trip and took 2 Delsey carry on bags. One was smaller, the other was about the same size as this one. I have some pictures of them side by side. The red one is this listing and the black one is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Delsey-Luggage-Chatillon-21-Inch-Carry-On-Expandable-Trolley-Black/dp/B019PDJFWQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Delsey Luggage Chatillon 21 Inch Carry-On Expandable Trolley, Black</a>. We had no trouble getting them on and fitting them in the overhead compartment. I will say that this is probably a close call for domestic flights where they will scrutinize it a little more. And although it does measure taller than the dimensions listed, that is with the feet included. I measured my other Delsey carry-on that we just used and it was taller with the wheel height than the listed dimensions.  Evidently, luggage companies tend to measure the bag portion and airlines measure wheels. So this could be a risk.  Beyond that, the bag is amazing. It has everything you would want in a medium sized piece of luggage. Lots of storage, many zippered compartments, a zippered gusset to expand the bag and a sealed, plastic pocket for transporting wet items.  It moves easily although I did think that the handle might not be super strong. It's a little wobbly but snaps in two height positions. There is strong handle on the side (and top) for easy lifting as well.  We've pleased with our other Delsey bags and this is just as good.
1800 We love Nintento and Mario in our house. My kids, now 15 and 10, have played Mario games, including Super Mario 3D, for a long time. This is the second K'nex set we've had in this series. I thought this one looked a little more fun. But it has some big drawbacks.  In regards to the build of it. If you are used to LEGOS, you know that everything is pretty well constructed. The K'nex set (and we've made a bunch of them in the past as well) is lacking in a few areas. There were connections where there two out of four corners attached with two corners just hanging. I kept thinking that I didn't make it right but I went back through the instructions and they were just lacking the design to allow for further corner reinforcement. There was one piece that snapped and broke as I worked it. And another piece was completely missing.  It is a difficult set to play with because there are tenuous connections in places. If you like Mario 3D land, you'll find that pretending to play through this is no where near as fun as having the game feel while playing the real thing. It is moderately fun to build and play through a little  and certainly a nice break to do a small motor build instead of staring at a screen but I'm just not sure the Mario thing works in reality especially with K'nex.
1801 It's an HDMI cable. It works well for a computer monitor and I've had no trouble with it. There's not much more to say!
1802 I really like how dainty these are. They can be worn as casual day wear or evening wear. They have a flat semi-circle at the top (it is not a dome) and the silver strands hang down from there. I love running my fingers through them when I'm just sitting around. They dangle and sway and are just the right length.
1803 How can you go wrong with a pretty complete and very compact first aid kit for less than $20. I can't believe how well packed this is to get everything into such a small pouch. There is just a little bit of lots of things. Enough for most basic emergencies. It is not meant to be a full service at home kit for use over and over - unless you replenish some of the things that will be used more frequently.  This is perfect for a hiking backpack, camping gear box, car or boat. I hope I never have to use some of these things but it is a real comfort to know that I have them in my car, with my kids. We live in an area that has had at least one lengthy car stranding each winter. People have been stuck on a major highway for many, many hours and sometimes overnight in their cars. Although this doesn't provide food and water, it can help with basic care.  A well, rounded pack in a very compact case. Sample provided for review.
1804 These are kind of the thing this summer. They take a little practice to get used to filling them but once you get it, they are fun. However, they are not as super comfy as you might think. While you are sitting on air, it is not the same as sitting on a cushion. There are two sides to this. One side is open in the middle and the other side has a stitched seam between both halves. It's important to have the stitched side on top otherwise you'll just fall into the hole in the middle. Also, if it's a windy day, you'll need to tether this somehow or it will blow away like a beach ball. It's easy to collapse and put back in the bag as well so portability is great. Sample provided for review.
1805 Bean bag chairs are hard to buy. Some look great at first but then flatten very quickly. I truly believe that you can't buy a cheap chair or you will be disappointed in the long run.  After researching a lot of chairs, this seemed to be the best deal. It is a huge chair with a removable cover - a must have for a bean bag chair.  The chair arrives tightly vacuum packed in a 3'x3' box. Instructions for fluffing the chair came by email before shipment and were also packed within the box.  The cover is tightly stitched and made from heavy duty fabric.  The chair will be a Christmas present for my 5 year old daughter. It is probably overkill at the moment in its size but if you are going to invest in a good bean bag chair, you might as well get one that they can grow into.  I would caution buyers to be aware that the colors on screen are not necessarily accurate. We purchased the lime green chair and it is a bit more vibrant than the picture.  Other colors will also probably vary. The manufacturers website has the same photos as Amazon so there is no additional information to glean by visiting there. I did call the company and they talked to me a bit about the colors, explaining their intensity.  I'll update this after it has been used for awhile. Hopefully it will stand the test of time.  **************** Update: Our bean bag chair is great. It is huge and spreads out to take up quite a bit of floor space. It needs to be turned regularly to refluff and reshape but it is comfortable and reshapes easily. Check out our customer image to see size.
1806 It seems like a lot of money for a single use (of each packet) treatment. But there is a benefit to having a small amount available in one box. It is only good for a 10 gallon tank. All products have 'worked' so far although it's hard to know what they are really doing. I can say I've had no trouble with using them. Again, for the price, there could be a double set of treatments so that one box would cover a 20 gallon tank or two 10 gallon treatments.
1807 In comparison to the other Calico Critter sets, this is the least appealing in my book. It is a clothes rack (with a few extra clothes) and a stand up mirror. It also includes Camryn Caramel Cat. The 'magazines' are just folded paper and don't hold up well.  There is not much to do with this and for the price, there are much better Calico Critters sets.
1808 It seems like every product these days has at least two cable with it. So I got tired of trying to keep them all straight.  Now, every time I get something with parts and pieces, I label the outside, drop it all in and stash it in a bin. These are stronger than Ziplock bags and don't look like a snack bag like Ziplock. So they are great to organize anything with parts and pieces.  Nice and clear, strong zip top and durable plastic.
1809 There is nothing more frustrating that coming up with a monetary gift and then having to spend another $4 or $5 on a money card holder. I'd rather just give more money and not spend the extra on another card. However, these are a great budget way to have a number of money holders with envelopes at a good price. Granted, the quality is not the same as buying an individual card, they are pretty budget but the designs are pretty and they even have foil and texture embellishments.  Keep in mind that the pictures may not match the cards you get exactly. I have a Santa with a blue background, a Santa/Snowman/Reindeer, and a Santa suit without his face.  There is plenty of room to write inside as well. Although they can be used for gift cards, I'd rather use a smaller holder for those.  Sample provided for review.
1810 When I read a young child's book, I try to remember what I thought was funny when I was younger. I know that seems like it could be hard. But the quirky, funny twisty stories were right up my alley. I had high hopes for Jo Schmo but found it working way too hard to be funny. It almost seemed forced and the jokes, puns, and 'funnies' were too many and too distracting.  My 9-year-old tried reading it and gave up saying, "I just didn't like it. It wasn't interesting to me."  So it may be the funniest thing for some kids, but it fell short in our house.
1811 These are nice and thick and wash up well. The brick pattern and bright orange color are snazzy and look good in our kitchen. It seems like durable fabric and good stitching but time will tell.
1812 What can you really say about Ziplock bags. If you've ever used the brand before you know that they are consistently good. But a few points about these.  They are the thinner plastic, not the thick, super durable plastic of the traditional freezer style bags. Good for moderate use but I would be careful what you put inside since a hole in a freezer bag and the contents can get freezer burn. These are also 2 gallons, double what I usually use but great for large batches of soup, vegetable, or whatever.  Best of all, these are great for projects and kids toys. Once you throw away the box, many toys have lots of parts that just get lost. Having a large bag to put everything in is great for keeping it all together. Multiple uses, Ziplock quality.
1813 We picked this up when my daughter had just begun first grade. She was doing okay with learning to read but practice on sight words would only help her in her quest to become a better reader.  Some kindergarteners would definitely benefit using this game as well but only if they are beginning to understand simple words or need help with their letter recognition. Preschoolers would benefit from the alphabet cards as well.  The game is simple enough with a traditional game board that you advance from start to finish. There are short cuts and traps to keep it feeling like a game and not a reading lesson.  Card groups are broken down by sight word levels and start with letters of the alphabet and progress to advanced sight words.  Your child is to read the word and if they get it correct, they get another roll and get to advance again. As a parent, it is obviously difficult to play since it is assumed that you would be able to read all the words. So we alter it and I have to answer a Trivial Pursuit question. If I get it correct, I pick another sight word for my daughter to read. If she gets it correct, she gets my bonus roll. You can adapt it whatever way you want that works for your family.  We liked the game and didn't get to take full advantage of it since we purchased it when my daughter could already get through the letters and simple sight words. It is not a high intensity or silly game but if you keep it light, your child will want to play again and again.  A great way to emphasis sight word recognition through repetition and game play.
1814 This is one of the most unique books I've read in a long time. Completely unpredictable, beautifully written and intriguing. Boo is busy reciting his periodic table when he finds himself in another place, the place before heaven. His story is written as if he is telling the events to his dear parents, left grieving in America. He has a Aspergian way of describing things, matter-of-fact and fairly unemotional. As an older mom, I really enjoyed this to the end but I've given it to my 15 year-old son to read since I think its creativeness is right up his alley.  It does pose a lot of questions, there are some things that left me pondering why they were the way they were. Overall, very enjoyable and a nice break from the standard plot themes.
1815 Jaycee has done a great job of giving us an all-too-real portrayal of the horrors she went through during her captivity. While she touches on times that seem normal (planting a garden, taking care of pets) we can't ever forget the horror she endured every day and the mental anguish she had to go through (not to mention her mother and her children). No book will ever give the true horror of spending day after day being raped, held captive, and taken away from your family at such a young and vulnerable age. The Garridos are pure evil and I can't believe what they did, as a team, to this poor little girl. The mind of a pedophile is a true horror and I wish there was some way to change them.  The story is written in a rather immature style, as would be expected from someone who was taken so young and held for so many years. It is a quick read but only gives a hint of the physical and mental torture Jaycee endured.  After reading this, I'm not even sure what any parent could do any different to prevent this from happening. Many children walk to school or the bus, I did growing up and there was no parent every step of the way.  The only true failure here was the parole system that never seemed to think that there was anything odd going on. Even when officers met Jaycee's daughters, there was never a red flag. It was a true failure of our system to get Jaycee out of this horrible situation much earlier than she did.
1816 I stumbled across these at Costco one day and was pleasantly surprised when they were crunchy, tasty and felt like a great breakfast with a cup or two of coffee.  There are four biscuits per package (and one package equals one serving). The biscuits are about 3" x 2" so eating four of them feels like you're getting a great portion.  Nutritionally the package reads: Calories 230 Fat 8g (sat fat .5g) Cholest 0mg Sodium 220mg Potassium 90mg Total Carb 35g Dietary Fiber 3g Sugars 10g Protein 4g  I get a box of 15 packets for about $7 but that is the pricing from both BJs and Costco - membership only clubs.  My kids even like them although they don't clamber for them.  Tasty, keeps the hunger at bay for awhile and having four in a pack is satisfying.
1817 These are a good way to safely store or move old pictures/paintings/mirrors but if you use the box with an open top, you will need to carefully wrap your item with paper or bubble wrap. When I moved in the past, the movers used two of these (different brand) with one thin side cut out and then they slid the two together to create a top and bottom. You could do that with these as well and then tape them tightly. The boxes come folded across the middle of the 'solid' side which makes them kind of crinkle in that area when opened. But if you tape the bottom solidly it helps. I've been using ours to store old pictures that are not currently hanging on our walls. It has to be propped against a wall though because they will easily tip over.  These are a little pricey for cardboard boxes and if you wanted to improvise, you could just use any empty cardboard box and cut and wrap it around any size picture. But it will require a little more work (and tape...).
1818 My 15 year-old son read this and says: It had a very interesting, twisting storyline about alternate realities. It seemed like there was a new turn at the end of each chapter and that kept me reading through all of them, and old fashioned cliff hanger. The characters are generally interesting people with a story to tell. He would recommend this.
1819 My kids have loved reading this book for many years. If you start reading to them at a young age, the content (humorous at times!) is just understood instead of questioned. The values and thoughts are terrific for any age, adults alike, and remind us how we SHOULD be everyday, even though we sometimes forget.  The illustrations are very immature but interesting in their own way and keep the pages lively. I really like the cadence and style of the writing and the timeless values delivered in the text. We also have&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/How-to-Behave-and-Why/dp/0789306840/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">How to Behave and Why</a>&nbsp;which is a great companion to this book.  We just pulled them out again and took turns reading pages (kids ages 7 and 12). Even if they laugh as we go through the book, hopefully the message sinks a little deeper each time.
1820 I'm used to a pretty mild but flavorful morning blend. This coffee was a little more robust but nothing close to a dark roast. It has a good flavor but not extraordinary. I've had no problem with the K-cups in my Keurig.
1821 I like to keep at least two umbrellas in my car. One big one in the back, like a golf umbrella, and a smaller, auto open in the driver's side door.  If the rain sets in while I'm out, I want to be able to open an umbrella as I exit the door and since I'm usually holding a pocketbook, briefcase or other items, I don't have two hands available.  This umbrella comes with a great case for keeping it tidy and clean. Once the case is off, a push of a button and it pops open. Super easy and smooth. What is really impressive is the tightness of the stitching and assembly as well as the double canopy to help give you better control in gusty weather. It has a wrist strap for holding and also auto-closes. It is a sleek black, perfect for a night out, business excursion or walk down a city street. It's classy and well made.  Sample provided for review.
1822 I love my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet but like most tablets, it doesn't have a USB port. There are occasional times that I want to transfer something without using wireless. This allows me to plug it into the charging port and instantly, I have a USB port. I can access file folders on either device and manage content easily.  I've had no trouble so far and, although I don't use it often, I like having the adaptability.
1823 I've been buying mini-speakers since I got an iPod years ago. It amazes me how much better they get as technology develops. This little speaker is no exception. It is nice and compact but delivers a clear, and loud sound, especially for the price range.  It has a nice soft, finish with enough weight to hold it firmly in place on a counter or shelf. It has at least a 30' bluetooth range (and unexpectedly picked up on a call from across the house until I realized my phone was still on bluetooth!) I've streamed music, talk radio and taken calls with it and it has performed well each and every time. The power button is on the bottom and the phone button on the side so I have mistakenly hit the wrong switch a number of times. There are no volume controls on the speaker so it is completely up to your device volume. But it gets plenty loud if you want it to with very little distortion.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1824 This is a good collection of fun Christmas songs, some old classics and some old songs by newer artists (like Carrie Underwood and Colbie Caillat). Perfect for playing at a gathering or just while getting your Christmas preparations done. A great album!
1825 I love this sprayer. We have another backpack sprayer and it's good but not as easy to use as this one. This sprayer is pretty similar to others but it has a few features that put it above the rest. This has a handle that folds up and out of the way. It also has a padded backpack/shoulder strap. That makes a huge difference as there are no parts digging in while you work. The whole unit is super easy to fill and use. There are a few nozzle tips included one of which is a foaming nozzle. I haven't tried that yet. The pump handle is easy to position and pump, no creaking or heavy pressure needed.  Overall, this is a great unit to use for whatever your spray needs are.
1826 These are an interesting style that take a little getting used to. The end of the earbud is rectangular so it isn't intuitive to put them in your ear but the funny little wing is perfect for tucking up into the curve of your ear. This helps to lock them in place and feel secure.  They pair easily and post as GoSport Mini. No fancy tricks to get it ready to pair.  The sound is good, pretty clear. Not as detailed as some earbuds but in comparison in this price range, they are good for the money. They are great for activities because they stay put and are wireless to your device. The wire is just enough to drape at the base of your head.  Sample provided for review.
1827 I love these! Instead of buying yet another oversized foamy sponge, these are the way to go. There are two mitts in the package. They are plenty roomy inside so no issues with any hand size. One side has a bit of a scrubby (but not enough to leave scratches) covering. The other side is chenille cording. Each mitt is different. The blue one has a super soft microfiber side for buffing and shining. The chenille cording holds a ton of water and sudsy soap. It is all held on with a firm but not constricting, elastic wrist band. These make washing a car, boat, or whatever, so much easier because instead of trying to grip an oversized sponge, you have your hand inside and have complete control. They are nicely packaged too so making them part of a gift set is great as well. Sample provided for review.
1828 If you go out riding early morning or late evening, you know how quickly the light can fade. Or when traveling from open areas to heavily wooded the light can disappear quickly. More importantly, if you are traveling on roads with other vehicles, it is easy to disappear in the darkness. This light will not only give you visibility but allow for other drivers to see you clearly. The flashlight (removable from the mount) is really bright and you can focus or spread the beam of light. Runs on three AAA batteries (included) and also comes with a red rear light that can flash or stay on solid. All are easy to mount and keep on your bike. I like the solid feel of the flashlight. It seems like it will hold up to some rugged abuse. I also like that you can quickly take it out of the bike mount for use away from your wheels.  Sample provided for review.
1829 My son and I started playing Mario Kart on the Game Boy and had hours of fun doing battles and races. When it went to the DS, he was thrilled and again when it went to the Wii. He eventually sold his DS version of Mario Kart to get enough money to buy Minecraft. But he missed it terribly. So when given the chance, he ended up buying it again and has had a ton of fun playin it all over. It's portable, fun and as challenging as you want to make it.  A classic Nintendo game for any racing enthusiast.
1830 My 10 year-old daughter, who doesn't usually like reading, devoured this in two days. Hard to believe. Just on that alone, it gets 5 stars. But then I read it and I understood why. Weezie is such a sweet, hard working little girl but she has to deal with so much. Her momma works hard and expects Weezie to pick up the pieces of their trailer - taking care of her younger brother and sister, cleaning up, even making dinner. But at 11 years old, it's a lot. And without any gratitude, it gets hard to keep going. Such a hard story about a sweet girl that just needs to feel loved. Worth reading for kids age 9 and up.
1831 This is the first time I've purchased a laminator for home use so I have nothing to compare it to. But I do know what I need it to do and this one has fit the ticket.  It heats up quickly (in my mind at least) and is very easy to place the item through. I use it with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scotch-TM-Thermal-Laminating-Pouches-9-Inches-x-11-4-Inches-50-Pouches-TP3854-50/dp/B0019K3LI8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scotch(TM) Thermal Laminating Pouches, 9 Inches x 11.4 Inches, 50 Pouches (TP3854-50)</a>.  I use it to keep newspaper articles safe and protected but more importantly, I use it to keep kids chore charts, rules, reward systems and checklists tidy. We use them with wipe off markers so that they can be written on daily. There is enough of an edge with an 8x11 sheet inside that there is no chance of the laminating sheet peeling apart.  I've only had one sheet get stuck and crimp up and that I was able to run through again to flatten a bit more.  Easy set-up, easy to use, consistent quality.
1832 I've had my own marketing business since 1996. I write all day, whether it's emails, proposals, bids, marketing copy, etc. This book has taken the skills I already had and sharpened and refined them.  It is very well organized into 9 basic parts (Chapters) - like 'The truth about what makes writing work' and 'The truth about successful e-mail'. Each section is then detailed into "Truths" like 'Tone makes-or breaks-your message and 'Less can be a whole lot more'.  Each "Truth" section is 3-5 pages that make for quick reading. It is easy enough to peruse through a few topics or sit down for a longer read. Since there is so much information with specific detail, I found that after reading through a few truths it was hard to remember all the details. I revisited topics when they were pertinent to what I needed. I especially liked all the suggestions about writing e-mails since this is my biggest method of business communication these days.  It is hard at times to stop and think about changing a writing style you are so familiar with using but when you have the time to spend a few extra minutes, refining your message, the payoff is great and eventually it will become your new style.  Since "less CAN be a whole lot more" I will finish up by saying that this is a great reference tool for any business person. It will pay for itself very quickly in the successes you gain because of the professionalism and clarity of your writing.
1833 My sister was talking about how much she loved this but that hers was confiscated at an airport while going through security. So I decided to replace hers and get one for myself. It's a nice 'credit card' sized tool (it is obviously thicker than a credit card) and has a number of different functions.  It is made of a high impact plastic that includes a serrated knife, a compass, a bottle opener, a magnifying glass (very small), a toothpick and a flathead screwdriver. Everything included is nice, nothing is perfect since it has all been condensed to fit.  The tweezers are okay but would be difficult to get a splinter out unless it was really big. There is a small cm ruler and inch ruler printed onto the plastic edge. Everything snaps securely in place and there is a hole in the corner for attaching some kind of lanyard or tie.  I wish it had a little LED light though, especially in conjunction with the magnifying glass.  A nice little tool that will hopefully come in handy many times.
1834 I've loved using these on my desk for years. They are great for having a soft surface to write on (no more missing pen lines). They also protect the surface of your desk. I also like to put notes and things that I reference on a regular basis underneath so I can just look down and see it.  However, there are times that a photocopied note underneath can transfer toner to the plastic. Then it is almost impossible to get it off. I've also used rubbing alcohol to clean some marks off and sometimes that works.  This one is a little small for my liking but is good for a student desk or small kitchen desk.
1835 We have a standard poodle that I've been grooming for 8 years (and another before that for even longer). The hardest part of grooming a poodle is the feet (at least for me). It takes a long time to get around toes and pads and they have to be done with a cool clipper for obvious reasons. I had a small, battery powered clipper that I used for small areas but it was so finicky and clogged easily. I've been on the hunt for a better battery powered clipper to use for small areas on our dog.  This is a wonderful clipper. I was impressed the first time I used it. I blew through four feet in half the time and with less distress to our dog. The clipper is lightweight and very easy to handle. The blade is ceramic so it doesn't get hot the way a metal blade does. That is wonderful and I'm now going to look for options for ceramic blades for my other clipper.  Without a comb attachment, it gets down to about an eight of an inch. Then you have options by adding the combs. Our dog wasn't thrilled with it but she hates being groomed anyway.  It is not strong enough (nor is it designed to be) an all over clipper for thick poodle hair. For a smaller dog, this could be all you need.  Sample provided for review.
1836 Rio is a great story full of vibrant colors, fun, great music, and personal challenges. Blu, the lead parrot, is taken to Rio to mate with the only remaining female of his species. Let's just say it wasn't love at first bite. But in the process, he is snatched by a group of bird smuggling thugs and handcuffed to his female companion. Unfortunately, Blu doesn't know how to fly and all of their escapes are hindered by his need to walk everywhere. Couple this with the lively atmosphere of the Carnival build-up and Blu's heartbroken owner trying desperately to find him. It's a story of cooperation, personal struggles, and hope for the endangered species especially in our rainforests.  The music is fun, the characters are huge on the spectrum of being likable or hated. The animal characters speak so we see things from all perspectives. I hate to say it but the movie dragged a little for me in some spots. I'm not sure why it didn't keep my attention but my kids (ages 7 and 12) enjoyed it very much.  It doesn't have the same deep emotional connections that Disney movies are so good at creating. But it was fun none-the-less.
1837 Quest Trio is three games (hence the trio) in one. Jewel Quest is a modified version of Bejeweled where you have to swap jewels to get three or more of one kind in a row. This is timed and definitely gets harder and more challenging.  In Jewel Quest Solitaire you have to eliminate cards by placing one higher or one lower than the card on the discard pile. The key is to look for series that you can carry on for awhile and get rid of the most cards. This also has many levels that get harder and harder (more cards are stacked in a "locked" pile or a pile with one card to eliminate on top before you can access all the others behind it.  The last game is Mahjong, traditional but with some twists. You can play this by just doing the standard Mahjong game, by only showing available matches (the other tiles are blank so it is harder to plan ahead) or by only revealing tiles that you turn over - almost like a memory game.  Additionally, there are three ways to play Mahjong boards - classic, on a quest, and boards with custom tiles.  This game holds your attention for a long time and is a great way to destress and work your brain a little.  I would highly recommend this game if you like puzzles and board games.
1838 My daughter was pining for this for months. We finally bought it for her for Christmas. She absolutely loves it. It comes with two plastic dishes that make large, round ice cubes. You put the large ice cube (it is about 3" wide) in the machine and when you push on the top, it turns and scrapes ice off the cube. You can use regular cubes as well but it works best with the large cube. The flavoring is great as well. They are large bottles and will last quite awhile.  It makes a ton of noise but it's easy enough to operate that my 10 year old has no trouble. It seems to have a strong motor and would be great for parties.
1839 This is a great looking bracelet with a unique way of securing it. That is both a curse and a blessing. If you can't get your hands through the bracelet as a bangle (unlikely for most), you need to unscrew the two sides using the included screwdriver and then reassemble it on your wrist. This is a little tricky to hold the bracelet in place while performing this task. Also, it means that you can't remove it quickly. Once on, it is secure though.  It is very pretty and unique looking. Once secure, it stays in place. I love the little sparkly gems embedded in the occasional spot. Very nicely finished and sturdy. Sample provided for review.
1840 My husband is not only the most difficult person to buy a present for but also a huge coffee snob. You've heard the song, "Fifty Ways to Leave Your Lover," my husband has 50 ways to brew coffee. Cold press, press pot, drip, brew, etc. And he's tried a ton of coffees as well. He times things, checks the temperature of the water and has also used water from our well before it goes through any filtration or softening. So I was thrilled when I got this book and not only did he not ask to return it (yes, almost every present I get him) but he has said how much he loves this. He said it is very comprehensive and it covers so much from the bean to the roast, coffee brewing methods, etc. So I guess I win this one. Finally, after 20 years.
1841 I've never come across a hose related product that doesn't leak a little. It's really hard to get the perfect connection. This is no exception and it does dribble a little but it is still very useable. It is comfortable to hold although my hand gets a little tired after awhile. This is easy enough to use with other products because you can just put it in the bottle but you can also use just the Ortho products screwed onto the base and set the bottle aside. I like the three settings  but did find that if I wanted more precise control, it was a little difficult. It is good for more broad coverage.
1842 I've had green teas and fruity teas but not usually combined as one. This is a nice mixture of flavors. Green tea can be somewhat shallow in flavor so the addition of passionfruit and citrus gives the tea a secondary flavor and more depth.  I had it plain, no sugar and it was just sweet enough on its own.  The balance between the two flavors is just right. A mellow tea for a lazy afternoon.
1843 This is the second Nano set we've purchased. For whatever reason, it doesn't seem to have the same appeal as the first set which had a lot more changeability and visual impact.  Our first set was the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hexbug-Nano-Habitat-Set/dp/B003IT5NHK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hexbug Nano Habitat Set</a>&nbsp;and was played with a lot more than this set. I think the stacking of layers takes some of the visibility out of what the bugs are doing.  So a nice set but not as good as the first one we had. The plus is that you can combine sets since all the parts are interchangeable.
1844 I like Quaker Instant Oatmeal in the mornings but don't often buy the flavored packs since they sometimes have a chemical flavor. This oatmeal was great though with just enough Cinnamon and apple flavor to make it sweet but not too sweet.  It was easy to prepare and once you pour the oatmeal into your bowl, the packet is marked to be your measuring cup. There is a line on the outside of the paper pouch that allows you to add your water or milk to the exact 2/3 cup measure. Pretty cool idea Quaker!  The oatmeal cooked up easily and tasted great.
1845 What a beautiful bag! This is a great middle-sized bag that has plenty of room to hold a lot without being super bulky and oversized.  It has two zippered compartments inside and two divided, open compartments inside. There are no outside compartments though. It zippers open and has a pull tab on the side so you have something to hold while pulling the zipper. The leather is a deep black (my photos were taken with a flash) and the stitching is even and durable. The straps are long enough that you can put them over your shoulder with the bag tucked under your arm. It's really classy looking and is great for just about any situation, including day-to-day use. Sample provided for review.
1846 This little pump is powerful and has the option to both fill and suck out the air from a variety of inflatables. There are three nozzles that work in all of the items that we fill. The littlest one is great for those smaller pool inflatable things that have the tiniest blow hole. It's long enough to keep the extra internal flap out of the way while it's filling. The nozzle tips can be used on either end so one side will fill and one side removes. That is great for storing items and completely collapsing them. The only issue I had is that it seems to get pretty warm while in use. So if you have quite a few things to fill, you may want to give it a break in between. Sample provided for review.
1847 I wanted a case for my Canon G10 that would keep its bulk as small as possible while giving it some protection. This case is a great fit. It's snug and soft and made of durable and smooth leather. The Canon's neck strap comes out through the sides so there are not two straps to contend with. The case has a small leather loop with a snap to wrap around the camera's neck strap and hold the case on when the camera is taken out. This little strap is very snug so the case does not swing away from the camera. I'm not sure yet if I will use this attachment strap too often since it keeps the case too close. There is not an extra pocket for a back-up battery. That would be nice but the benefit of not having this is a very sleek, well-made case that is just perfect for the G10.
1848 This is a cute puzzle for 3-6 year old. It has held up well through many uses and the picture is funny and colorful.  The pieces are all made of wood and the puzzle holder is also wood. Ours was nicely finished, no rough edges. The puzzle can be assembled in or out of the wooden base and the pieces go together well.  I am usually very happy with Melissa and Doug products and this one didn't disappoint. My daughter enjoyed putting it together over and over.
1849 Be prepared to laugh out loud. Really. This collection of horror stories from others is sometimes like reading someone's diary. You really don't want to know how bad it can be but you just can't stop reading more! I found myself laughing out loud so much that my son kept looking over my shoulder to read them too.  After 18 years of running my own company, I have heard some doozies but nothing as bad as some of these stories. Some are so funny that it's hard to believe people can really be like that and others are heartbreaking since you know someone has been undeservedly screwed over.  Be prepared to thank your lucky stars that you don't have clients like these all the time. I know I am!  There is also a second collection of stories called: Clients from Hell 2
1850 This odd-looking soap dispenser puts out exactly the right amount of soap needed to wash your hands. I have SoftSoap in it - which is a bit thick. It has no trouble getting it out or getting clogged. It was easy to fill and easy to get batteries inside. The only thing I don't like is the odd styling. It's just a little awkward in most decors. But if you can get past that, it's perfect. We've been using it in our bathroom for a while now. Sample provided for review.
1851 I can't figure out why but after playing through&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Granny-In-Paradise-Download/dp/B001MIZNGU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Granny In Paradise [Download</a>] I'm not as thrilled at playing this newer version.  I enjoyed the stupidity and monotony of Granny in Paradise. There were just enough levels that were easy to get through quickly and feel like you were moving on. And there were some challenging levels to keep you honest.  I haven't played any of the other Super Grannys between the first and this version but this one seems to be more difficult right off the bat. Not like "I can't get through it" but each level takes quite a bit longer so the instant gratification is lost.  I guess that might be a good thing since the game will last longer but I can't do a level as a quick break. It takes just a little too long to take a break from work. It is easy to get distracted and the time flies by.  So I'm torn. The quality is good, graphics are fun, difficulty enticing but I need some quick fix levels to break away.  Somewhat recommended because it is still a fun game.
1852 I usually have at least one pair of headphones sitting on a counter, dresser or the kitchen table. I'm always grabbing a pair to use to go out walking or whatever. My son always has a pair attached to his iPod. So it is great to have a nice place to dock your headphones to keep them handy while putting your investment on display.  This is a handy stand made of crystal clear " acrylic with cool bends and a solid footing. Headphones sit comfortably on top and if the earpieces are big enough, they will hug the middle bend of the stand to offer a little more stability and tension. They look great and can tuck into a corner, on a desk or table or entertainment area.  If you have corded headphones, it will be necessary to tuck the cord somewhere but Bluetooth headphones, like these&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brainwavz-HM9-Hi-Fi-Noise-Isolating-Headphones/dp/B00ENZRS76/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brainwavz HM9 Hi-Fi Noise Isolating Headphones</a>, will look perfect hanging off the stand.  I was provided a unit for testing and review.
1853 I recently tried another TSA lock with a plastic body. It was pretty worthless since the plastic didn't hold up well to turning the shank for setting it. This lock is all metal and durable. The rose color is pretty but that's not what makes this great. It's solid, easy to set and has a long shank - but the lock is not too large. Perfect for travel with just enough protection to keep the general riff-raff out of your luggage. While it won't keep a professional out, it's a small safeguard.  I can say from experience that if you don't use a TSA lock, your lock will be cut off and left inside your suitcase with a note...
1854 I picked up a strip of these on vacation and they reminded me of the fizzy sherbets I used to get in England. So I had to buy a box.  They are so much fun to each since once you put them in your mouth, they start to fizz a lovely semi-sour powder that is inside the hard candy.  My kids love them and they are a fun little treat to have at some point in the day.  I'm not a big fan of hard candy but these are great because of the extra fizz surprise!
1855 For whatever reason, we go through cables. Some get lost, others get wobbly, and still others end up in different rooms in the house. So having an extra cable around at an affordable price is always a good thing. My daughter uses this for her iPod Touch. It works well and has a solid rubber cable and good connection. The length is just enough for use on a desk or counter to a computer or wall plug. Sample provided for review.
1856 I am constantly amazed at how technology gets better and better for less and less. In the past, buying an inexpensive set of earbuds/headphones meant that you were taking a big risk on having them break or fall apart in the first few days of use. So when you can buy a pair of earbuds that sound this good and feel this great for under $30, it shows us how far we've come. These have super soft earbuds and the sound is incredible. Really deep bass and great vocals. It has a smaller plug so I can get it in without having to take my case off and the cable seems strong enough. It has no on-board controls for stopping/pausing playback but I can get around that.  It comes beautifully packaged with a zippered hard-shell carry case as well and a burn-in CD with high def music and some tutorial. I have to say I can't really be bothered by that but it's there none-the-less. Sample provided for review.
1857 I picked this up for a really low price so I'm not as upset as some who may have spent more than pocket change on it. However, the first use, I pulled out a wad of hair from the drain. Great! Then I used it on a different drain and, like so many others, lost the end tip. It was on very loosely and slipped of at the first sign of tension. So now, I have a snake that is really just a sturdy wire. I'm thinking of attaching my own grabber on the end but really, should I have to do so much work to keep a product useful?  If you are looking for a one time quick fix, this may do the trick but to use it again? Forget it.
1858 I love these. They are dainty and lightweight. They dangle and swing lightly. They go beautifully with this necklace:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sterling-Silver-Mesh-Dangle-Pendant-Necklace/dp/B01CZYWNEY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sterling Silver Mesh Dangle Pendant Necklace</a>. I love the hooks too.
1859 I've had two Bissell Proheat cleaners in a row. I don't know why I bought the second one since I wasn't too thrilled with the first one. This Hoover is a big improvement. My old machine used to leak tons of dirty water every time I turned it off. This leaks a little bit but an amount that's to be expected when you're pulling water up.  I can tell it has better suction because I have to pull it harder while cleaning. It doesn't leave much water behind whereas my old Bissell dropped a ton of water and picked up a little.  I like the onboard attachments. Easy to switch to tools. I also like that the soap is put into the water and not a separate dispenser. I like that there are different compartments for the clean water and dirty water. My Bissell had a 'bladder' in the water hold area which made it very difficult to clean and dry.  For me, the best method for cleaning is a moderate push up with the spray on, a moderate pull back with the spray on, and then a slow up and back with no spray to extract the water.  Overall, I really like this. It seems to do a great job. Time will tell if it loses suction and leaks more but for now, the comparison to my older machine is a huge step up.
1860 This was easy to assemble and quick to put to use. The slide is smooth but I actually haven't found a good comfort spot. I like the heat, not too much though so for those of us who work at home sockless and get cold feet, this may not be enough. But it is a nice comfort. I've tried my feet underneath thinking that the heat will also collect underneath but it really doesn't seem to work that way.  It offers two height options, with and without the extra feet. The highest option is 5" and the lower is 4 5/16. This actually makes it a little high for my comfort level but I guess it all depends on the placement of your chair and the chair height. The plastic is okay and looks like it will last but it is not what I would call sturdy.  It has a nice feature of an auto off. After 8 continuous hours it shuts down and flashes the indicator light reminding you that it has turned off.  Is it worth money? Hmmm. I'm not completely sold. I like the product and like the warmth but it's leaving me wanting just a little more.
1861 This was purchased for a 7 year old who has previously played video games but never for very long. She has fun playing Kirby and this version has been a great addition to her collection of games.  The premise is simple -- get Kirby to the end of each level while collecting jewels, furnishings and music for other levels. There are challenges as you progress and tricks that Kirby learns along the way.  The graphics are fantastic and the levels are just easy enough for her to get through even if she doesn't get all the items. The creativity in the graphics is wonderful since everything is sewing and stitching based. There are patches, buttons, and all kinds of sewing related imagery.  As an adult, I've had fun playing it and have found it to be challenging (and addicting!). There are many areas that are reminiscent of Mario games (rising lava,temples, icy landscapes, etc).  You can save up to three games at once and there are two player options that are sometimes helpful and other times get in the way.  A great game for the younger crowd or just to relax whenever.
1862 We had a tire inflator for years and it finally kicked the bucket. So this was a great unit to replace it.  I knew what I wanted since I had been using one. This model has some great features that are better than our older model. The pump cable stores neatly around the outside of the unit. The power cable stores inside and the attachments store neatly inside as well. There is also a neat little light that pulls out from the unit in a gooseneck wire. The handle makes it easy to carry but the carry bag that it comes with is pretty useless and not really needed.  This has a good gauge on the front but I usually double check with a tire gauge, especially on car tires. It has a built-in bleed valve as well - a feature I didn't have before. It runs from my car power port but is not adaptable for use with an AC plug.  I think it feels a little flimsy but if it does the job and lasts a few years, I'm not worried.
1863 I really like the size of this pillow, it is perfect for a lap and my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1. You can use it rolled up with just a tablet or it opens up to allow you to use it with a keyboard (I chose [[ASIN:B005EOWBKE AmazonBasics Bluetooth Keyboard with Mini Travel Stand for iPad, New iPad Mini, iPhone (Black)]).  There are two drawbacks to the pillow though. 1. The viewing angle is just a tad too tilted which allows for glare and a slightly awkward viewing angle. 2. The rubber lip that is meant to keep your tablet from sliding forward is not big enough so the tablet, unless perfectly placed, will slide forward.  I bought the lemongrass color which is a nice, light green with a hint of yellow.
1864 I love this for many reasons. First, you can make a large pot of loose leaf tea without having to strain it while pouring. Next, it looks wonderful. It is sweet to see the contents through the beautiful shape of the tea pot. But if you want to keep it hot longer, there is a super cool, zippered neoprene 'jacket' that fits perfectly on the outside. It stays hot. It has thick glass and a comfortable handle, and the ability to pull tea leaves out easily is wonderful. Sample provided for review.
1865 My daughter, the queen of making her own lotions, make-up, potions etc. has had fun with this kit. It is basic and will do to start someone off but it doesn't have a lot of depth to it. The kit has a modest amount of supplies but if your child has fun, this will inspire them to buy ingredients on their own and create beyond the kit.  The book has some fun tips including why soap works. There is transparent as well as white glycerin, molds, mixing/measuring spoons and fold-yourself gift boxes.  The issues we've had so far are the molds are very small and thin plastic. So a couple of them were crinkled from the start. The soaps are super small in them as well. We've used our own things like ice cube trays and mini-muffin pans. We also tried candy molds but they were too small as well. Most ingredients you can add (lavender, vanilla, etc.) are easy to find if you don't already have them.
1866 I was very intimidated by this product when I received a sample to test out. And I'm the fix-it gal in the house. The toolbox is mine. But really, I had nothing to worry about and no need for tools either!  My attack plan was this, open the box, read through everything to make sure I knew what I was getting into and then install it. Reading the instructions took about three-four minutes. Installation took about 5 at the most. It was so easy I kept thinking I was missing something. But it works.  The concept is simple as well. If you've ever looked in your toilet, you'll see that the flapper open and stays open for a weighted amount of time, allowing water to continually flush through the toilet before it closes off and refills the tank. The concept of the Tap-n-Flush is that it mechanically times the flapper opening so that it controls how much water goes through the bowl. A smaller flush and the flapper is closed more quickly, a larger flush and the flapper is open longer. The Tap-n-Flush uses four AA batteries to electronically signal a chain that controls the flapper. You want a short flush? Tap the top and then use your usual flush handle. Need a larger flush? Just use your flush handle. And you have complete control of how much water to use. It does make a slight noise as it tensions the chain inside.  You can use your own flapper or one is included in case yours is leaking. It also comes with a ton of possible toilet style adaptations and instructions for all of them.  It really is that simple.
1867 These are nicely functioning tea infusers with a unique design. They are a great price considering that you get four in the pack. They have a spring loaded handle that slides one half of the sphere open. This is pretty cool but has a drawback. You need to make sure that all of your tea fits into only half of the tea ball because the sliding of the other half will push anything else out.  While I like how easy these are to use (no hinges, no snap close) they are large and a little ungainly in a tea cup. But they are great in a pot as long as you can get enough tea inside. The handles are easy to use and are long.  I was provided a sample for review.
1868 We eat a lot of tuna in our house, usually albacore. This tuna has been a nice change. It is packed in a great olive oil with small chunks of jalapeno throughout. The olive oil has a nice infusion of jalapeno flavor as well, although I drain some of the oil off.  It has just enough heat, not so much that it is a distraction but it certainly perks the tuna up. This is great on a salad or crackers and there is no need to add mayonnaise since the olive oil keeps it moist.
1869 I like that this allows for double mitts to stay together. It is a little thinner than I expected but so far, I have not had any issues with bleed through of heat. It is really a basic oven mitt that does a good job.
1870 I'm really torn about this review. We have had a lot of fun playing with this car. It looks great, moves easily and has a lot of design detail. But he remote doesn't match the quality of the car.  The car is heavy and large. The lights come on when going forward and the taillights come on in reverse. It is pretty loud but most RC cars are. I have no problem with the car and would give that 5 stars.  The problem lies in the super cheap remote. The remote is lightweight plastic and not well made. The antenna broke the first time I pushed it in. It just crumpled. I've pushed in many telescoping remotes before. I know how to push them. It was just super thin metal. I received this as a sample for testing but I thought to myself, if I had paid for this, I'd be ticked off. I was able to take the top and work it inside what was left of the antenna and it works fine. But that's not how a new product should perform.  The other thing that is frustrating is this: even though I am happy it has rechargeable batteries, you have to unscrew the battery compartment and charge them directly. They do not have any indicator light and you cannot charge them in the car. That to me is odd and a little annoying. The only saving grace is that they last a long time once charged.  If they could upgrade the remote, this would be a really nice set. But until then... it's a disappointment.
1871 What I really like about Five Star Notebooks is the durability. They come with a heavy duty plastic cover that lasts throughout the school year. The interior pockets are reinforced as well and double sided so you have a pocket on both sides.  The pages are a nice thickness and have a perforation for pulling out a sheet without all the ragged bits hanging off.  I do think that the current price of about $14 is way too high. These can be purchased for a third of that cost on sale.
1872 I absolutely love these earrings. I have a pair of similar earrings from Silpada - a private sale jewelry company - but they are much longer. I am uncomfortable wearing them because they hang so low. These are the perfect length. They show but aren't flashy. They are personal but also professional. They go in easily and hang beautifully. There is just enough of a larger taper on the front bar that they look elegant and clean. Perfect!
1873 My kids have loved marble runs since they were very little. This set is no exception and even fun for adults to join in and help. There are lots of pieces, some of them small - so certainly not recommended for under 3 years-old. It comes with a large bag of marbles too. The pieces go together easily and the possibilities of how to build a run are endless. There are tons of fun options for making noise, doing wiggle runs and spins, and adding lots of tricks to the run. The booklet comes with four design ideas from easy to very difficult. The directions are pretty easy to follow as well. It's nicely made and a great gift idea. Sample provided for review.
1874 These are not your typical headphones. They don't have the big, padded, circular earpiece. They don't have a super thick headband. What they do have is good sound. They pair up easily and carry good quality audio to the super, soft, foam earpieces. The foam is the bubble kind, like it used to be on the old-style walkman headphones which make them soft against your ears. The headband is not very tight and is adjustable. Some headbands have so much pressure that they push against my ears and they get sore. This headband is gentle, with just enough pressure to keep them in place for most activities. I wore them for hours doing housework and when bending over, they did slip down but general use, they stayed in place.  So these deliver in a different style than the big bulky headphones and they are rechargeable using the USB to micro USB cable (provided). On-board controls give you volume, forward and backward.  I was provided a unit for evaluation and an honest review.
1875 This Pantone book, along with a number of others, has been a mainstay in my office for many years. If you are designing for print, it is imperative to know what will happen to a PMS color when screened (both coated and uncoated). There is nothing worse than picking a nice red for a logo only to find that it turns pink when screened. Or a blue that looks grey.  On each page is a scale of screens by each PMS solid ink color with text in black and reverse on each screen box. This is great for seeing clearly when text becomes illegible on the screen or when the reverse shows the most clearly.  However, even though it is very important to understand what happens to a true PMS ink color, I do find these days that many of my one or two color work has gone by the wayside and is now full color on a digital press.  There are still companies that print large quantities of things, like stationery, and need to know what the PMS color will look like screened so it is still a key book to have as a resource.  Beyond that, I think it is important for newer designers to understand the screen process and not rely on looking at a computer screen which is never a true representation of how a color will print.
1876 Mr. Pine lives in a house in a row of houses that all look the same. He strives for a little uniqueness in his home's exterior but every time he tries, the rest of the neighborhood copies his efforts.  Eventually, he finds a way to be unique as does the rest of the neighborhood.  This is a really fun book to read out loud and teaches such a valuable lesson - and not about colors :-), about being who you are and not trying to fit in with everyone else. The illustrations are fun as well.
1877 This was one of those, 'let's waste a hour or so watching a dumb movie' days. I knew going into this that is would be a predictable plot, forced dialogue, bad jokes for the quick laugh and the usual romantic twist.  It met all of those expectations. However, overall, it was a really silly movie (expected) with the character animation moderately good. But the oddest things was that the animal voices didn't really seem to fit the animals. I know that they were voiced by some pretty big names (Maya Rudolph, Cher, Sylvester Stallone, etc.) but they were forced accents and somewhat out of character with the kind of animal being portrayed.  If you can rent this cheap (like we did) and you don't care about an hour and a half of your day, then it's okay entertainment. Otherwise, this is worth skipping.
1878 What I like about this chair cover is that it is a good size for the average chair. I have another brand of patio chair cover and it is designed to fit over a chair for a giant. So it puddles up and looks like it is two sizes too big. This cover fits perfectly over our standard chair and just touches the ground. There are handles to pull it off and a toggle to tighten the bottom. Nicely made and looks like it will last.
1879 No one wants their fish to get Ick. But sometimes they do. Especially when you introduce new fish and one can be infected. I recently had a batch of tetras come down with it. I was able to treat it successfully (except for a couple that died overnight - they are not the strongest fish) and prevent the rest of the tank from getting it as well as saving a couple of the tetras.
1880 For $8, you can't go wrong with having this around. I love having a small kit in our desk drawer for quick fixes and this one covers it all. There are 12 mini spools with basic colors (many are primary but there are a few muted ones as well as the oft used black and white). The spools don't have the catch spot to get the loose thread to stay put so I usually make a notch with scissors or a craft knife so the spool doesn't keep unraveling. It has a seam ripper, a metal thimble and a tape measure. The tape measure is soft and has inches and centimeters and a metal end to keep in in good shape. There are few extra buttons and a safety pin. Best of all, there is a needle case (I love these) with a variety of needle sizes and to easily thread them (we aren't getting any younger you know) it has two needle threaders.  It all zips up in a compact 5x4" package. That makes it perfect for a drawer, car or suitcase (or all three). Sample provided for review.
1881 This is a nice little tool that fits comfortably in the palm of your hand.  It has three functions: * Knife blade (about 1 7/8") that locks into place. It is not spring loaded but does have an easy grip hole in the blade for handling. * Flashlight is on and off only. It doesn't focus like a maglite but has a moderate LED beam that works under shallow water. The light is okay but not really strong enough to illuminate your way if walking. The tool comes with an extra set of batteries too. * An emergency whistle. This is also moderate. I've heard plastic whistles that are much more shrill and loud but this will carry for some distance.  All three are pretty good for a small tool but all seem to be just about good enough. There is nothing that is extraordinary. I would have loved to see a pop out screwdriver (phillips and flathead) but I guess there is only so much you can put into one tool.  As for calling this a survival tool, I wouldn't want to bet my life on it but I would still be glad to have it in a pinch.
1882 This roomy backpack makes a statement unlike traditional backpacks. It is a deep warm, gray with brown leather accents. Definitely good for a guy or gal, this is perfect for a middle school, high school or college student or just for trekking around for a day. The snap closure top also has a drawstring and inside are numerous pockets, two zippered. The outside larger pocket has two magnetic closures and each side of the backpack has a smaller, zippered pocket.  I love the look of this and think it is a standout. Sample provided for review.
1883 The Rectangle bluetooth speaker packs quite a bit of sound quality into a compact bar speaker. It has a solid finish, sits firmly on any surface, and will tuck in many small places for portability. It is great on a small shelf, windowsill, desk, nightstand or where ever you are missing the ability to listen to your music. It comes with a USB to micro USB cable for charging and an audio cable if you want the added benefit of an axillary input. Bluetooth connects quickly and easily.  For a small speaker, this has pretty good volume and even better sound quality. I was provided a unit for evaluation and review.
1884 When you get a phone/device holder for your car, there is not always a place to put it in arms reach. My dash is too rough for suction phone mounts to stay on and since I have a minivan, the windshield is farther forward and too hard to reach. This dashboard mount disk is great for adding additional surfaces to where you can mount your phone holder. It has a sticky red base that affixes (somewhat permanently - it isn't like a suction mount where you release it and reposition) to a flat surface. Then it provides a super smooth surface for suction mounting your phone holder. The added feature that makes this great is that it rotates all around so that you have control of where your phone mount is facing at any time. But it has a lock feature as well that will keep the 360 rotation from moving. The base is really sticky so be warned that once you put it down, it will be hard to lift it off. This is not to say that it can't be removed but once it has been on for awhile, removal will take some effort and will probably pull most of the adhesive off of the mount disk so that is can't be used again.  I was provided samples for evaluation and review.
1885 Oh my goodness, did I have fun with these. Every year I go away at Christmas with friends and part of that trip involves a pub crawl. I wore these all night and used them to stop traffic (no major roads...) to let our group go across a street. I used them to wave to everyone as we passed by, etc. Every place we went that saw them turned on  wanted a pair. They were a huge hit. You have control over the flashing and colors and I will say that by the end of a couple of days use, some of the red tips were not glowing. I'm sure they can be fixed but don't expect these to last forever. They are wired into fingers and are therefore susceptible to wear and breakage. But they are so much fun. Sample provided for review.
1886 This is not for the person who wants to pass the time with some idle play. It is a series of lessons that require you to read instructions and lessons, follow directions on screen, and practice your own art.  The lessons are very basic and will not make you an artist overnight but they will get you to think about how you look at shapes, light, shadows, and how to create the illusion of art.  I was an art major in college and I've been a graphic designer for over 20 years. I enjoyed doing this and was very surprised at how fine I could make lines and how much control I had. I use a graphics tablet all the time and have a lot of experience with doing art using a graphic pen. Using the DS stylus was a little awkward at times only because the screen is so small but if you calibrate your DS before beginning the lessons, it will help to make your strokes hit the screen where you want them to.  This wasn't great and it sometimes seemed like more work than I wanted to do while chillin' out but a few art lessons with interaction for this price? Not too bad.
1887 As a small child in the early 1960's, I was given an EP of four songs that were originally on the COOL WATER album (these were: "Cool Water," "Tumbling Tumbleweeds," "The Last Round-up" and "Ghost Riders In The Sky"). At the time, I didn't know who Bob Nolan or the Sons Of The Pioneers were, and had never heard any of their music. Long story short-- I LOVED that record. So, a number of years later, when the opportunity presented itself, I gladly bought the LP.  COOL WATER AND SEVENTEEN TIMELESS WESTERN CLASSICS was issued in both mono (LPM 2118) and "Living Stereo" (LSP 2118). Audio quality, especially on the latter, is a marvel. Traditional cowboy songs with a full (yet not intrusive) orchestra. Gorgeous harmonies, classic tunes and excellent sound. COOL WATER is a truly great album that all fans of traditional American music should own. Highest recommendation.  SIDE ONE [2:08] Cool Water [2:03] Whoopie-Ti-Yi-Yo [2:34] Wind [2:13] Cowboy's Dream [2:49] The Last Round-Up [1:59] Ridin' Home [2:28] Twilight on the Trail [2:13] Red River Valley [2:15] Wagon Wheels  SIDE TWO [2:20] Riders in the Sky [2:49] Blue Prairie [1:42] Way Out There [1:52] Empty Saddles [2:21] Teardrops in My Heart [2:13] Blue Shadows on the Trail [2:24]  Ridin' Down the Canyon [2:13] Timber Trail [2:25] Tumbling Tumbleweeds  TOTAL TIME: 41:01
1888 With a prior understanding that 45 FANTASTIC FIGHTS OF THE CENTURY was only samples of boxing matches, I went ahead and ordered it.  This is an utterly disappointing DVD that TANGO ought to withdraw from the market.  There's NO literature and NO playlist anywhere to be found, and NO wonder-- some featured bouts are the equivalent of "Schmenk vs. Smegma."  One "fight" is only a title card, then the losing boxer already on the canvas! (oy)  Dubbing quality is THE WORST (the WORST, Jerry!). Many chapters are so blurry the viewer thinks his eyes have been dilated by an optometrist. A few fights consist of two indistinct ghosts dancing within the squared circle (usually the matches you wanted to see, like Joe Louis's).  Lowest blow of all (a 'cup shot'): my darn disc freezes up on the Dempsey/Tunney fight (approx. chapter #31) and won't play anything that comes after it!!!  Feh! Feh! Can you say: "crapola"? Thou hast been forewarned. (...and there's the bell for the 16th round...)
1889 In THE HALLELUJAH TRAIL, John Sturges' frothy western comedy set in 1867, cavalry colonel Lancaster escorts forty wagons of booze to Denver while Temperance leader Remick and her group of ladies do all they can to prevent the "poison" from being delivered.  When supposedly peaceful Indians who have left their reservation demand half of the wagon train, the colonel refuses and a crazy chase and fight is the result. (During this sequence, stuntman Bill Williams died when the wagon he was riding went over a cliff and Bill wasn't able to jump clear of it.)  Elmer Bernstein's music track is often intrusive and there's ultimately few laughs in this 70mm Cinerama epic. A disappointment.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.6) The Hallelujah Trail (1965) - Burt Lancaster/Lee Remick/Jim Hutton/Donald Pleasence/Brian Keith/Martin Landau/Robert J. Wilke/Dub Taylor/Whit Bissell/Val Avery/Noam Pitlik/'Billy' Benedict/John Dehner (narrator)
1890 Until recently, I'd never heard of Baron Andreas von Zadora-Gerlof or of the stone carving art called glyptography.  Known as Zadora, the baron is famous among an elite circle for creating naturalistic animal carvings and timepieces, privately commissioned clocks that can cost millions (one of Zadora's elaborate gem-studded tickers sold for $17 million). Johnny Depp and Bill Gates wear Zadora timepieces. Dudley Moore and Richard Burton were purchasers of his carved gemstones.  This artist in semi-precious stone, crystal, gold and jewels calls himself the heir to Faberg, and there's much truth to that claim. Within the 176 pages of this photo book are images of truly astounding world-class art works. There's translucent animals, intricate clocks adorned with 18K gold and gems, lifelike flowers, and fanciful things like an aquamarine Frog King with gold crown, scepter and ball, seated atop a smoky quartz toadstool. Trimmed with jewels, this detailed 7" high sculpture is both realistic-looking and right out of a fairy tale.  Of particular note are two five-foot clock and simulated brick pedestal works. The beautiful stone timepieces are decorated with dancing musician animals and small bouquets in vases. The squared-off tall Indian red pedestals have four recesses that contain opposing nearly transparent unicorns that are rearing up and a pair of carved bouquets that absolutely breathe life, arranged in crystal vases.  The book is filled with one awesome image after another. If only I had the ability and space to describe these sumptuous eye feasts.  For the majority of us who can't afford to own such precious things, THE ART OF ZADORA offers a bit of solace and an indulgent glimpse of what imaginative genius and consummate skill can accomplish.
1891 GRAND HOTEL is a screen adaptation of a stageplay based on Vicki Baum's 1929 novel, "Menschen im Hotel."  As is mentioned, there's a "Grand Hotel" in every major European city.  The story opens and closes with an on-call physician's blas comment about the boring state of affairs at Grand Hotel. We soon learn how wrong his assessment is, for several lives briefly and serendipitously intertwine at the famous Berlin hostel. No one would leave GH totally unchanged by their experiences.  A top-shelf MGM cast make this Best Picture Oscar-winner always interesting. It's a must-see for all classic era film lovers if only to hear Garbo's legendary line, "I vant to be alone!"  Also recommended: Another star-filled MGM ensemble appears in George Cukor's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DINNER-AT-EIGHT/dp/B0006Z2KXO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DINNER AT EIGHT</a>&nbsp;(1933).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.6) Grand Hotel (1932) - Greta Garbo/John Barrymore/Joan Crawford/Wallace Beery/Lionel Barrymore/Lewis Stone/Jean Hersholt/Tully Marshall
1892 KINO markets "Sidewalks of London" under its alternate name, ST. MARTIN'S LANE. Their SP speed, full screen VHS dub is from a well-preserved source film. Audio is Hi-Fi.  The movie's title is the address of Charles Staggers (Laughton), who is one of a dying breed-- a busker. These street performers were a common sight in London in the early 20th Century. For coppers and shillings, they'd "work" a crowd waiting in line outside a legitimate theater. Dancers, musicians, comedians, tumblers, singers and orators all plied their wares then passed the hat around.  Liberty (Leigh) picks pockets when she's not dancing for coin. After he sees her dance, Charles asks Libby to be his busking partner. They later form a quartet with two musicians. Songwriter Prentiss gives the talented Libby a foot up onto the legitimate stage; she eventually becomes a star. (Also outstanding here is virtuoso harmonicanist Larry Adler, who plays both on-screen and off.)  ST. MARTIN'S LANE may be found on a KINO DVD double feature with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/WING-OF-THE-MORNING/dp/B00009YXEA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">WING OF THE MORNING</a>&nbsp;(1940), starring Henry Fonda. Also available from KINO is the British classic,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SOUTH-RIDING/dp/6304337531/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SOUTH RIDING</a>&nbsp;(1938), with Edna Best, Ralph Richardson and Edmund Gwenn.  (VHS only) .  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.9) St. Martin's Lane ("Sidewalks of London") (UK-1938) - Charles Laughton/Vivien Leigh/Rex Harrison/Larry Adler/Tyrone Guthrie/Maire O'Neill/Gus McNaughton
1893 After Ray Harris recorded two singles for SUN Records, he decided to start his own Memphis label. Founded in 1957 by Harris and two SUN studio producers, HI Records was Ray's dream realized.  HI turned out LPs from 1957 to '77. In those 20 years, the company had only one various artists collection. Issued in 1968 in both mono (HL-12049) and stereo (SHL-12049), HI PRESENTS THE GREATEST HITS FROM MEMPHIS is that LP.  NOTES "Smokie, Pt. 2" is a re-recording. On the stereo album, "Haunted House" is mono, "Long Tall Texan" is simulated stereo.  Includes release dates, plus peak Billboard Hot 100 and R&B chart positions (where applicable).  SIDE ONE White Silver Sands - Bill Black's Combo (3/60 - #9; #1) Haunted House - Jumpin' Gene Simmons (8/64 - #11; n/a) 20-75 - Willie Mitchell (8/64 - #31; #32) Tuff - Ace Cannon (12/61 - #17; #3) My Girl Josephine - Jerry Jaye (4/67 - #29/ n/a)  SIDE TWO Soul Serenade - Willie Mitchell (3/68 - #23; #10) Cottonfields - Ace Cannon (6/63 - #67; n/a) Let The Four Winds Blow - Jerry Jaye (7/67 - #107 Bubbling Under; n/a) Don't Be Cruel - Bill Black's Combo (9/60 - #11; #9) Long Tall Texan - Murry Kellum (11/63 - #51; n/a) Smokie, Part 2 - Bill Black's Combo
1894 THE WIZARD OF OZ * ORIGINAL CAST ALBUM is a CBS Special Products release. Besides well over an hour of music and film dialog, a bonus track is provided. "The Jitterbug" was cut from production in order to shorten the movie.  Audio quality is good, if somewhat low compared to the average CD. All of the original Arlen & Harburg songs are here. The album's 12-page booklet includes a two page color reproduction of a 1939 Wizard Of Oz movie poster, as well as details on the making of the film.  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 72:51
1895 It's not my way to write reviews that recommend a different product over the one under consideration. An exception must be made however when it comes to PASSPORT's JACK BENNY COLLECTION.  If you're looking for the best, largest and most cost-efficient gathering of Benny TV shows, check out MILL CREEK's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-BEST-OF-JACK-BENNY/dp/B000UVV260/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE BEST OF JACK BENNY</a>. Here's why:  TWICE the running time of PASSPORT's set, including EVERYTHING that's here, all neatly packed in a space-saving plastic snap box that's a fraction of the size of this bulky behemoth.  No constant on-screen watermark, like PASSPORT.
1896 ADAM VIII was a ROULETTE Records label that marketed product from two-minute TV commercials. Each LP or box set had a tempting price, but the S&H charges were high. Their records were usually of good quality. SOUL TRAIN Hall of Fame (A-8004) is an exception. In order to fit eleven songs on a side, selective editing was necessary. Also, frequency range and dynamic output were necessarily limited by vinyl technology.  This 1973 album was manufactured witrh various color labels; orange, light blue and green among them.  SIDE ONE Love Is Strange - Mickey & Sylvia Love on a Two-Way Street - The Moments Band of Gold - Freda Payne Give Me Just a Little More Time - Chairmen of the Board Want Ads - Honey Cone Proud Mary - Ike & Tina Turner It's Your Thing - The Isley Bros. Ooh Ooh Child - The 5 Stairsteps Clean Up Woman - Betty Wright (Sittin' On The) Dock of the Bay - Otis Redding Hold On I'm Comin' - Sam & Dave  SIDE TWO I Just Can't Stop Dancin' - Archie Bell & the Drells Daddy's Home - Shep & the Limelites Why Do Fools Fall In Love? - Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers Oh Happy Day - The Edwin Hawkins Singers Everyday People - Sly & the Family Stone Hello Stranger - Barbara Lewis Papa's Got a Brand New Bag - James Brown Drowning in a Sea of Love - Joe Simon La La Means I Love You - The Delfonics Every Beat of My Heart - Gladys Knight & the Pips Patches - Clarence Carter
1897 WE'RE NO ANGELS is a PARAMOUNT picture that was directed by Michael Curtiz. In this Xmas season black comedy adapted by Ranald MacDougall from Albert Husson's stageplay "La Cuisine de Anges," three Devil's Island prison escapees lay low at a local home, where they get involved in the problems of a family they'd intended to rob and murder.  The film is episodic at first and drags in spots, but when villainous Rathbone and his repulsive son Baer arrive, things kick into high gear, and they soon kick buckets. Bogey (as Joseph) is surprisingly good playing it for laughs. A little black and red striped snake (that we never see) steals the show.  Screenwriter MacDougall, who in the early 1970s was President of the Writers Guild of America (west), also scripted&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MILDRED-PIERCE/dp/6301973410/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MILDRED PIERCE</a>&nbsp;(1945), Hitchcock's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/STAGE-FRIGHT/dp/6300270386/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">STAGE FRIGHT</a>&nbsp;(1950) and MR. BELVEDERE RINGS THE BELL (1951).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (7.4) We're No Angels (1955) - Humphrey Bogart/Aldo Ray/Peter Ustinov/Joan Bennett/Basil Rathbone/Leo G. Carroll/John Baer/Gloria Talbott
1898 This aural souvenir of Paul McCartney's 2002 American tour gets only a middling rating.  The playlist on BACK IN THE U.S. is nothing less than spectacular; performances are better than competent-- McCartney is in good voice and the backup's right-on with their renderings of oh-so-familiar tunes. Paul's occasional lyric lapses are forgivable, and because of tight editing, crowd noise isn't much of a distraction. So what's wrong with this album?  Simply put: it's not all that easy to listen to, mainly due to a too-high volume level. Even gentle songs like "Yesterday," "Here, There And Everywhere," "Mother Nature's Son," "Eleanor Rigby" and "Fool On The Hill" are unpleasantly harsh because they're just TOO LOUD. And the supposed-to-be-loud songs are quite deafening.  Live albums invite such criticisms, and more. If the musicians choose to reinterpret old favorites, the cry of "Blasphemy! How dare they!" is heard, and if they remain as faithful to the studio tracks as possible, then the complaint is "you may as well stick with the originals." It's a no-win.  Being at a great live performance is exciting for the audience, yet a transcription of the same show rarely captures the acoustics, the feel or the mood. Such is the case here. To be fair, this is as fine a Paul McCartney live album as he's ever released. But that only means all of them are in some way flawed.  TOTAL RUNNING TIMES --  DISC ONE -- 54:32  DISC TWO -- 60:36
1899 Broadcast TV watchers of the 1980s couldn't help but see ad-man extraordinaire Ernest P. Worrell's rubbery face and goggle-eyes staring back at them every so often, as he pitched Mello Yello soda and a variety of other products while having a one-sided conversation with an unseen buddy named Vern.  In 30 seconds, Jim Varney's enthusiastic but clumsy oaf Ernest would wittily plug a product, then end the spot with a fine sight gag. What nationwide viewers weren't aware of is revealed in this one-hour collection of Ernest's best commercials.  Besides selling consumables, the most industrious Mr. Varney cut countless plugs for local TV and radio stations, as well as some public service announcements. The GOODTIMES folks offer in their ERNEST GREATEST HITS a nice mix taken from Varney's enormous half-minute spot archives. Included are his rarities and funniest of all: outtakes and bloopers, often from ads featured here.  The only downside is this manufacturer dubbed at LP speed, so there's some loss in video sharpness (but just a smidgen, Vern!).  RELATED ITEMS: Hey, Vern! Can you stand another hour of Worrell? If so, check out GOODTIMES companion tape:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ERNEST-GREATEST-HITS-VOLUME-2/dp/B000HVZR5U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ERNEST GREATEST HITS VOLUME 2</a>.  Both these hours are available on DVD, along with the last two "Ernest" movies (plus other neat stuff) in MILL CREEK's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ESSENTIAL-ERNEST-COLLECTION/dp/B000EOOVMA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ESSENTIAL ERNEST COLLECTION</a>. A six-hour Worrell marathon? Be still my heart. Why, it's stu-pen-di-ous! (KnoWhutIMean?)
1900 Stephen King's "11/22/63" is the longest fictional work I've ever read. Perhaps it could've been shortened by half, certainly there's parts I wouldn't miss if they hadn't been included, but I'm no expert on plot structuring so I'll not suggest even one cut. The novel is a fast read in spite of its size and in places becomes so compelling you stay with it long past the time you'd planned to spend reading. As entertainment it's a safe bet. Be advised though that there's plenty of crude language and TMI stuff here, such as vivid descriptions of what a flu-like virus does to the narrator.  SPOILER ALERT My biggest complaint is with the climactic scene on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. Based on the physical layout of Lee Oswald's sniper's nest, this entire scenario could never have happened. Yes it's dramatic and masterfully written but the total impossibility of what is supposed to happen, plus the impact of an immediate response that originates at street level, go way beyond artistic license and into the realm of wishful thinking.  Because of that ill-thought out denouement I was left disappointed, especially after reading almost 750 pages to get there.
1901 BIG HITS (High Tide And Green Grass) is a solid distillation of the Rolling Stones' first few years. The album is heavy with hits, and stands the test of time-- a real tribute to one of the greatest bands ever.  Highly recommended!
1902 In the 1950s, pioneering overnight AM radio host Long John Nebel often did shows on flying saucers, extraterrestrials and the like. He had a variety of guests on these unique programs, including George Van Tassel, who said he rode in a UFO and Otis T. Carr, a man willing to build for $20 million a 45 foot wide working saucer. (When I listened to Long John in the early 1970s, the self-professed "Master Charlatan" sold magical sand dollars and featured in-depth JFK and Marilyn Monroe discussions with L.A. coroner Thomas Noguchi.)  Before purchasing RETURN OF THE DOVE, consider something its author, Margaret Storm said during a 7/11/58 WOR Nebel broadcast. This disciple of Nikolai Tesla claimed in all seriousness that Venus and Mars are NOT part of our Solar System, that both are the fourth planet in two different invisible solar systems, and Earth is the fourth planet from the sun in ours.  To get an mp3 CD of this and several other highly entertaining Nebel shows, Gogle: Long John Nebel mp3 and go to the page labeled...  1950s Long John Nebel UFO Radio Show on 2 CDs - MP3 CD : UFOTV
1903 All of the Popeye shorts on this GOOD TIMES VIDEO DVD were produced by Paramount's FAMOUS STUDIOS cartoon division. Animator and storyman Jack Mercer provided the sailor's voice. Orchestrations were by Winston Sharples (formerly of Van Beuren Studiios). (NOTE: "Garden Gopher" is an MGM short and is not related to Popeye in any way.)  Fourteen more "Sailorman" animations (incuding a Fleischer 2-reeler) are available on DIRECT SOURCE's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/POPEYE-THE-SAILOR/dp/B000H5TUYU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">POPEYE THE SAILOR</a>.  PROGRAM LIST for "Popeye the Sailor: When Popeye Ruled the World"  (includes synopses)  GOPHER SPINACH (1954) - Pesky gopher ruins Popeye's spinach patch.  INSECT TO INJURY (1956) - Popeye's new house is consumed by termites, so he builds another out of steel.  COOKIN' WITH GAGS (1955) - Bluto goes too far with his April Fool's jokes.  PRIVATE EYE POPEYE (1954) - Popeye chases a thieving butler around the world after he steals society dame Olive's priceless diamond.  POPEYE FOR PRESIDENT (1956) - Political rivals Popeye and Bluto need Olive's lone vote to win the election.  OUT TO PUNCH (1956) - Bluto tries derailing Popeye's training regimen for their big boxing match.  SHUTEYE POPEYE (1952) - A snoring Popeye is attacked by a spinach-eating mouse.  A HAUL IN ONE (1956) - Popeye and Bluto are moving men partners who battle over a new client (Olive).  TAXI-TURVY (1954) - Popeye and Bluto's competing cab companies vie for Olive's fare.  BRIDE AND GLOOM (1954) - Bride-to-be Olive gets cold feet after some nightmares of a future with Popeye.
1904 Adapted from a short-running 1935 Broadway play, A SLIGHT CASE OF MURDER (1938) is a terrific crime/comedy amalgam with Eddie Robinson, the amazing Ruth Donnelly, Jane Bryan, Bobby Jordan, Allen Jenkins, Edward Brophy and the usual cast of WARNER stock players.  It's the amusing story of a former bootlegger who for years bottled the worst beer in creation. Now that he's a legitimate but clueless brewer nobody wants Remy Marco's rancid panther pee and he soon goes broke. Nora, Marco's ex-moll wife, aspires to high society but at the most inopportune moments she keeps slipping back into her sharp-edged street persona and accent.  Further problems: Remy's daughter is in love with a too-tall state trooper; there's a bundle of stolen loot in the house plus four dead gangsters. It's a wonderful screwball comedy, done in classic WARNER BROS. style.  Directed by Lloyd Bacon. Currently rated 7.2 at IMDb.  . ADDENDUM In the Warner Night at the Movies that accompanies the above film, there's a newsreel clip of the father of a kidnapped boy making a public appeal for his son's safe return. Unfortunately, after Peter David Levine was snatched from a candy store, he was never again seen alive. Four months after the crime, Peter's headless, decomposing torso washed up on a beach near New Rochelle, NY.
1905 ALPHA VIDEO is the dba of a Pennsylvania-based outfit called GOTHAM. They specialize in niche market material, mostly vintage programmers and public domain stuff. Quality of their unrestored movie transfers varies from fair to good, based on condition of film stock and source material (often old 16mm broadcast prints). The only extras provided are a catalog insert and DVD-accessible title list. .  This 1936 adaptation of Shakespeare's AS YOU LIKE IT has long been in the public domain. No tape or DVD of it to my knowledge has good picture or sound quality, a condition that compound's the film's several shortcomings. Continuity suffers greatly, as whole sections of the original play have been deleted (about a third in total). Individual speeches are truncated or simply missing. Miking and acoustics are poor.  Star Elisabeth Bergner dons male garb as Rosalind but wears full female makeup. Although the story's set in France, she delivers her lines with a distinct German accent. Mackenzie Ward's mugging as Touchstone (the fool) gets tedious. Laurence Olivier is unconvincing in a wrestling scene in his first of several screen versions of Elizabethan plays. He (and many critics) considered the picture a failure.  I've seen this one a handful of times and have never warmed to it. That doesn't mean I prefer director&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kenneth-Branaugh-s-2006-version/dp/B000SM6FKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kenneth Branaugh's 2006 version</a>&nbsp;which is set in 19th Century Japan. The definitive cinematic "As You Like It" has yet to be made.  Recommended only for Shakespeare completists.
1906 Eric Idle's pre-fab creation, The RUTLES, were an hilarious dead-on knock-off of the Beatles. But that was 1978, and all four Fabs were alive then-- so laughter came easy. This 1990s rip of the ANTHOLOGY specials and CDs is Idle-less, ill-considered and quite unnecessary.  The new "old" songs here are dismissively mediocre, the three-man-left joke in poor taste, and even the mixes seem wrong: music obscures many vocals to the point where this not only doesn't sound like the Beatles, it ain't the RUTLES, either. Give it a rest Neil-- it's not funny anymore, mate!  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 49:37
1907 WAGON WHEELS (1934) - Randolph Scott, Gail Patrick, Billy Lee, Raymond Hatton, Monte Blue, Olin Howard  Handsome Randy is trail boss on the first 1844 caravan to Oregon. Very good Charles Barton recreation of the era, adapted from Zane Grey's "Fighting Caravans," has a lovely version of "Wagon Wheels" by The Guardsmen with an intro the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sons-of-the-Pioneers/dp/B0000073YV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sons of the Pioneers</a>&nbsp;never sang. Excellent fight sequences, night shots, costumes and equipage. With one or two more reels at the end, this hour film would've been a classic. Watch closely for Ann Sheridan's cameo. Presented by PARAMOUNT's Adolph Zukor.
1908 Sid Caesar heads an outstanding cast of comedians in William Castle's THE BUSY BODY. (Watch for Richard Pryor in his cinematic debut, as a cop named Whittaker.)  SYNOPSIS-- A mob boss (Ryan) believes that his errand boy (Caesar) murdered the "company" bookkeeper (Dana) and stole a large sum of cash. The accused man tries to evade the angry gangster while he searches frantically for the real killer, and for a corpse wearing a suit where the money is hidden.  Sid Caeser's next film appearnce was in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-GUIDE-FOR-THE-MARRIED-MAN/dp/B0009X75QK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A GUIDE FOR THE MARRIED MAN</a>, from 1967.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.  (6.0) The Busy Body (1967) - Sid Caesar/Robert Ryan/Anne Baxter/Kay Medford/Jan Murray/Richard Pryor/Arlene Golonka/Ben Blue/Dom DeLuise/Bill Dana/Godfrey Cambridge/Marty Ingels/George Jessel/Mickey Deems/Larry Gelman
1909 The tennis bracelet is strikingly beautiful and it refracts light in a magical way. The earrings do the same and match the bracelet nicely.  This jewelry is a terrific buy and I hoghly recommend it!
1910 This DVD's manufacturer, California-based VINA DISTRIBUTOR offers a number of public domain titles, also Mexican and other Spanish language films. Their website seems to have vanished since a mid-2009 check.  THE BIG LIFT (1950) has been available on home video since the mid-1980s. Most dubs of this post-WWII drama are in unrestored condition.  The film transitions from a newsreel-type documentary on the 1948-49 Berlin Airlift that supplied a city cordoned off by Soviet forces, to a drama of two sergeants (played by Monty Clift and Paul Douglas) of the newly named U.S. Air Force. By the story's conclusion, the vastly different attitudes of these men on the German people, as well as their personal politics, are changed by individual encounters with some of the locals.  Shot on location amid a ruined Berlin, the grainy b&w bleakness of this slow-paced movie is surpassed only by the devastation of its environment. Primarily for WWII completists.
1911 NOTE: This is NOT a DVD. It's a 12" Laserdisc. These record album-sized predecessors of today's DVDs were visually superior. Until the advent of Blu-Ray technology, Laserdiscs were the best video format available.  . THE RETURN OF THE VAMPIRE may be the first horror picture to feature both a werewolf and vampire. It's an interesting WWII-era 'B' grade Bela Lugosi movie, made by not UNIVERSAL but COLUMBIA. There's plenty of gothic atmosphere, fog and a caped Lugosi oozing his lines at Nina Foch to enchant and delight fans.  His assistant, a talking werewolf who stays hirsute even in the day and when the moon isn't full, is to some this picture's weakest element. Suggest you ignore the beast and concentrate on Bela's beautiful performance instead.
1912 The American version of WICKED WIFE (known as "Grand National Night" in Britain) was trimmed from its original 80 minute running time to about 75.  The Grand National is a famous steeplechase held at a track just outside Liverpool. The majority of this taut little crime drama occurs after a principal character's horse wins that event.  SYNOPSIS-- Gerald and Babs Coates (Patrick and Lister) have an incompatible marriage. Her love of an urban lifesytle directly opposes his career choice of country-based horse trainer. On her not infrequent excursions from rural Chillington to Liverpool, Babs does more than take in a movie-- she also cheats on Gerald.  Gerald's entry finishes first in the Grand National and Babs drives alone to Liverpool to "celebrate." While there, she's rebuffed by current boyfriend Jack Donovan (Mitchell). After an intoxicated commute home, Babs quarrels with Gerald and pulls a knife on him. He responds by knocking her out. The next morning, Babs' body is found in the driver's seat of Donovan's car.  Police Inspector Ayling (Hordern) determines that Donovan has a solid alibi, so his investigation focuses on the husband, who has already confessed to a lady friend (Campbell) fears that he may have accidentally killed his wife. When a train ticket from Chillington to Liverpool is found in Gerald's coat pocket Ayling is set to arrest him, until a phone call changes his plans....  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (8.7) Wicked Wife ("Grand National Night") (UK-1953) - Nigel Patrick/Moira Lister/Beatrice Campbell/Betty Ann Davies/Michael Hordern/Noel Purcell/Leslie Mitchell/Barry MacKay/Colin Gordon
1913 Filmed in Ireland but set in France during The Great War (1914-18), the Canadian made-for-TVer MARIE CURIE: MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE is the story of Martine (Vansier) and Eliane (Rennison) Boudreau, two patriotic children who believe that mysterous Madame Curie (Trotter) is a German spy.  They follow the eminent scientist and her daughter (Bennett) from Paris to the front lines, where Curie hopes her portable radon-emitting machine (here, erroneously identified as an X-rayer) can be used to save the lives of wounded soldiers. Ironically, one of the men she treats is the Boudreau girls' own father (Vollebregt).  "More Than Meets the Eye" is available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B000F9UEFC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>.  Also recommended: MADAME CURIE (1943) is the biopic of Pierre and Marie Curie, two Polish nationals who emigrated to France and were pioneers in the use of radioactive elements for medical science. Stars Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon.  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS/dp/6302308577/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS</a>)  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B00005JN9G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.5) Marie Curie: More Than Meets the Eye (TV-Canada/Ireland-1997) - Kate Trotter/Nathalie Vansier/Colleen Rennison/Dawn Greenhalgh/Martha Burns/Marion Bennett/Peter Vollebregt
1914 NOTE: This is NOT a DVD. It's a 12" Laserdisc. These record album-sized predecessors of today's DVDs were visually superior. Until the advent of Blu-Ray technology, Laserdiscs were the best video format available.  . HIGH ANXIETY, my all-time favorite Mel Brooks farce, has him starring as the newly-appointed head of the "Psychoneurotic Institute For the Very, Very Nervous."  In this "wrongly-accused man" parody, Brooks and a cast of comedy superstars spoof a number of Hitchcock films in great style. Mel even croons the title song, &aacute; la Frank Sinatra.  One of the best comedies ever! (Watch for director Barry Levinson's hilarious cameo as a demented bellhop.)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.7) High Anxiety (1977) - Mel Brooks/Madeline Kahn/Cloris Leachman/Harvey Korman/Ron Carey/Howard Morris/Dck Van Patten/Jack Riley/Barry Levinson/Charlie Callas/Frank Campanella
1915 This is the 5th in a series of various artists albums that Telarc released in the mid-80s.  As usual, the selections are diverse and the performers skilled. In this collection we hear everything from requiems to electronic Beethoven to a sea shanty and showtunes-- all in the space of an hour. This interesting and eclectic mix is unfortunately followed up by eight minutes of explosions, cannons and gunfire. This is the supposed "plus" that Telarc advertised in the disc's name, "Sampler Five Plus."  Tracks 21 thru 38 (the ordinance offerings) come with a warning that playing these recordings could potentially damage your stereo's speakers; the user is also advised not to wear headphones for them -- two more reasons to wonder why they've been included at all. My advice is listen to the excellent music on Telarc Sampler, Vol. 5, and skip the fireworks altogether.
1916 The Product Description on this page says this VHS of GIRL FROM TOBACCO ROW was manufactured by the SIMITAR company. It may indeed be a rarity, but this VHS is surely also of very low quality. SIMITAR issued tapes dubbed at SLP speed (the slowest) and audio was often overmodulated.  THE GIRL FROM TOBACCO ROW is one of singing cowboy Tex Ritter's last films. Shot in Tennessee, it's a typically low-budget Ron Ormond work originally targeted for Southern drive-in theater audiences.  Ritter stars as a preacher. Also in the cast is Johnny Russell (Buddy Holly's replacement with the Crickets and the composer of "Act Naturally"). The delighful soundtrack is filled with vintage mountain and pickin' tunes. Also, keep a look out for that humongous harmonica!  THE STORY:  A man-on-the-run takes refuge with a preacher, hs son and two daughters. As the 50th Annual Tobacco Festival nears, the fugitive (who's being trailed by more than one fellow wanting to see him dead) ingratiates himself with the family. Meanwhile, Nadine (the preacher's daughter) has to fight off the affectionate advances of several local yokels.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (5.5) The Girl from Tobacco Row (1966) - Tex Ritter/Rachel Romen/Earl 'Snake' Richards /Tim Ormond/Rita Faye/Ralph Emery/Johnny Russell/Martha Carson/Smiley Wilson/Kitty Wilson/Jimmy Mulcay/Mildred Mulcay
1917 The Charleston originated in the southern USA at the beginning of the 20th Century. Based on African rhythms, the dance became very popular around 1913 and stayed in vogue right through most of the Roaring Twenties. Like the hip flash, bobbed hair and raccoon coats, the Charleston has remained synonymous with that era.  Electrical recording techniques were introduced in 1925 by COLUMBIA records, so we have the benefit of improved frequency range on the majority of the tracks presented on THE CHARLESTON ERA.  Scanning the playlist, its clear to any afficionado of the hot jazz era that most of these songs were very popular back in the day. I can't say the same however for the versions chosen here. Where are the California Ramblers, Ben Selvin, the Cliquot Club Eskimos, Ted Lewis, Leo Reisman and so many others?  I've given only four stars then for the decision or inability to present (in my opinion) the better versions of songs like "Don't Bring Lulu" (Jones & Hare) or "Crazy Words, Crazy Tune" (either California Ramblers or Irving Aaronson), to name just two.  Regardless, THE CHARLESTON ERA is a decent collection of songs heard on dance floors everywhere in the party years preceding the Great Depression. For those new to this music, its a good place to start, and for fans, here's a chance to experience alternate examples of the big 1920s hits you already know and love.
1918 ECHO BRIDGE's FANTASY/ADVENTURE: 4 MOVIE COLLECTOR'S SET offers some so-so made-for-TVers with an average running time of 3 hours. This mfr. (aka "Platinum Disc") shows a faint watermark on-screen every so often. Their transfers  on more recent works such as these are decent (although not perfect).  This package is certainly worthwhile if you can catch a good deal on it.  Also from ECHO BRIDGE: The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SCI-FI-COLLECTOR-S-4-FILM-SET/dp/B0028EQMR6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SCI-FI COLLECTOR'S 4-FILM SET</a>&nbsp;(released 4/09) contains: "The Black Hole" (TV-2006), "Final Days of Planet Earth" (TV-USA/Canada-2006), "The Last Sentinel" (2007), and "Supernova" (TV-2005).  Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll ratings.  (5.9) Blackbeard (TV-2006) - Angus Macfadyen/Mark Umbers/Richard Chamberlain/Stacy Keach/Rachel Ward  (4.4) The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (TV-2006) - Casper Van Dien/Jonathan Hyde/Malcolm McDowell  (5.2) Merlin's Apprentice (TV-USA/Canada-2006) - Sam Neill/Miranda Richardson/John Reardon  (3.9) The Poseidon Adventure (TV-2005) - Adam Baldwin/Rutger Hauer/Steve Guttenberg/C. Thomas Howell/Peter Weller/Sylvia Syms
1919 My copy of THE TROUBLE WITH ME IS YOU was issued by FOUR STAR in 1989. The song list is exactly the same as the 1994 version. Generally the condition of these 60 year old WWII-era transcriptions is quite good-- occasional surface noise levels acceptable. No obvious filtering or rechanneling here.  These examples of the King Cole Trio performing for a live audience as well as under recording studio conditions are the definition of classy.  Nat King Cole (piano, voc.), Oscar Moore (guitar, voc.), Johnny Miller (bass, voc.) Recorded in Hollywood, California - ca. 1944 PLAYLIST: (2:25) Sweet Georgia Brown (instrumental) * (3:35) Satchel Mouth Baby * (2:47) The Man On The Little White Keys * (2:24) Frim Fram Souce * (2:43) If You Can Smile And Say Yes * (4:24) The Trouble With Me Is You * (3:24) This Will Make You Laugh (2:52) I Like To Riff (3:17) Call The Police (2:22) Too Marvellous For Words (2:26) The Man I Love (instrumental) (2:30) On The Sunny Side Of The Street (3:59) Barcarolle (instrumental) (2:51) Besame Mucho (2:19) Wouldn't You Like To Know (2:22) Little Joe From Chicage (2:39) That'll Just About Knock Me Out (1:54) Indiana (instrumental)  (51:22) - TOTAL RUNNING TIME ----------------------- * live audience recording
1920 In the mid-1950s, Chicago-born Shelley Berman went from acting school to a comedy troupe that became known as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-SECOND-CITY/dp/B0015O97LI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE SECOND CITY</a>. While there he developed a "sit-down" solo comedy act and premiered it in 1957 at Mister Kelly's. Berman was the first stand-up comic to play Carnegie Hall, also the first to win a Grammy for a non-music recording.  OUTSIDE SHELLEY BERMAN (1960, VERVE) follows-up his best-selling 1959 debut,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/INSIDE-SHELLEY-BERMAN/dp/B000069Z0O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">INSIDE SHELLEY BERMAN</a>. In this set recorded at The Interlude (his fourth-ever gig), Berman breezes confidently through well-rehearsed material but still manages to make numerous digressions sound like ad-libs.  PROGRAM--  SIDE ONE [14:27] Other comedians: Mort Sahl; Lenny Bruce * Franz Kafka on the phone [5:41] Booking agent on phone  SIDE TWO [15:15] Dad receives call from 18-year-old Sheldon who's looking to borrow a C note for acting school [6:48] Audience participation questions for a child physician  TOTAL TIME: 42:11
1921 No knocks on the two movies-- they're both worth seeing.  The issue here is the product itself. This MADACY gray box series is of the lowest possible quality. Their SLP dubs track poorly and have degraded video of unrestored public domain stock.  Truth is, at that snail's pace speed they could've fit three or four films on a single VHS instead of issuing this double dose space-waster.  Best advice to anyone still purchasing videotape: try to locate studio releases or at very least labels that you are certain record at the SP mode.
1922 COLLECTABLES Records was Jerry Greene's second label. In the early 1960s teenaged Jerry and Jared Weinstein started the LOST NITE company, which soon became the premier name in obscure and reissued doowop, R&B and R&R singles. A few years after Greene phased out LOST NITE in the late '70s, he organized COLLECTABLES along the same lines, but also added reissues of complete albums to his catalog.  THE HISTORY OF ROCK - The Doo Wop Era Part 1 (COL 2507) is a COLLECTABLES two-LP set from 1990.  Includes release dates, plus peak Billboard Hot 100 chart positions (where applicable).  SIDE ONE There's a Moon Out Tonight - The Capris (12/60 - #3) Let's Start All Over Again - The Paragons I'm So Happy - Lewis Lymon & the Teenchords Just to Be With You - The Passions (10/59 - #69) Zoom Zoom Zoom - The Collegians Oh Gee, Oh Gosh - The Kodaks SIDE TWO I Wonder Why - Dion & the Belmonts (5/58 - n/a; #22) Tonight, Tonight - The Mello Kings (8/57 - #77) Mary Lee - The Rainbows I'm So Young - The Students (1961 - #26) Cora Lee - Little Bobby Rivera & the Hemlocks The Closer You Are - The Channels SIDE THREE I Remember - The Five Discs Baby Oh Baby - The Shells Babalu's Wedding Day - The Eternals Once in a While - The Chimes (10/60 - #11) Trickle Trickle - The Videos Coney Island Baby - Excellents (11/62 - #51) SIDE FOUR Rama Lama Ding Dong - The Edsels (5/61 - #21) Castles in the Sky - The Bopchords Hushaby - The Mystics (5/59 - #20) Deserie - The Charts (7/57 - #88) Ankle Bracelet - The Pyramids Till Then - The Classics (6/63 - #20)
1923 From 1965, THE GREAT SONGS OF CHRISTMAS Album Five (CSP 238) is the fifth of fourteen annual various artists holiday music LPs that COLUMBIA Special Products created for the Goodyear Tire Co. It was offered in both mono and stereo editions.  SIDE ONE O Holy Night - Andy Williams It Came Upon a Midnight Clear - Andre Kostelanetz & his orch. Caroling, Caroling - Anna Maria Alberghetti (soprano) Jolly Old St. Nicholas - Maurice Chevalier Little Drummer Boy - The Philadelphia Orchestra, Eugene Ormandy-cond. The Star Carol - Anna Maria Alberghetti We Three Kings of Orient Are - The Philadelphia Orchestra, Eugene Ormandy-cond. MEDLEY: Hark! The Herald Angels Sing / Angels We Have Heard on High - Andre Kostelanetz & his orch. Silent Night - Maurice Chevalier The Lord's Prayer - Richard Tucker (tenor)  SIDE TWO Sleigh Ride - Steve Lawrence & Eydie Gorme The Twelve Days of Christmas - Dinah Shore O Little Town of Bethlehem - Richard Tucker MEDLEY: Lo, How A Rose E'er Blooming / Some Children See Him - Diahann Carroll MEDLEY: O Come, All Ye Faithful / The First Nol - Danny Kaye Silver Bells - Doris Day MEDLEY: Jingle Bells / It's Christmas All Over the World - Sammy Davis, Jr.
1924 Not sure what the deal is with this company.  My test bottle of CHEMICAL GUYS Waterless Car Wash and Wax arrived with a separate trigger sprayer (pictured here). This device has an attached plastic siphon tube that's about four inches too long for the bottle.  After several tries I got it cut to the right length. With two pumps of the trigger this irksome sprayer ceased working.  Conclusion: as Jim Caviezel says in the film&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/FREQUENCY/dp/B00004YA66/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">FREQUENCY</a>&nbsp;(2000), "It's junk, kid."
1925 THE BIG BIG BIG BIG BANDS (actual name) is a series of 15 albums that present a blend of vintage big band recordings and stereo or hi-fi do-overs perfomed by the original orchestras. Some older tracks have undergone simulated stereo rechanneling.  The newer recordings are really quite impressive, while the reprocessed originals are surprisingly not the worse for electronic modification. This collection is recommended for any lover of 1930's and 40's band music.  PLAYLIST:  (6:32) Sing Sing Sing - Benny Goodman *  (3:15) Moonglow - Artie Shaw  (3:50) Carolina In The Morning - Jimmy Dorsey *  (3:03) Caledonia - Woody Herman *  (4:33) The Mooche - Duke Ellington *  (2:24) Pompton Turnpike - Charlie Barnet  (2:52) Little Brown Jug - Glenn Miller *  (2:18) Love Me Or Leave Me - Les Brown  (6:20) Stomping At The Savoy - Louis Armstrong *  (5:31) One O'Clock Jump - Count Basie  (3:53) Peanut Vendor - Stan Kenton  (1:57) Opus #1 - Tommy Dorsey (radio transcription) *  TOTAL RUNNING TIME - 46:28 -------------------- * vintage recording
1926 EVERY GREAT MOTOWN SONG: The First 25 Years - Volume 2: The 1970's (5344ML) is a mono-only various artists LP issued in June of 1984 on MOTOWN's Midline (budget) label.  Includes release dates, plus peak Billboard R&B and Hot 100 chart positions.  SIDE ONE [3:29] Ain't No Mountain High Enough - Diana Ross (8/70 - #1; #1) [3:12] If I Were Your Woman - Gladys Knight & the Pips - (11/70 - #1; #9) [2:59] Never Can Say Goodbye - The Jackson 5 - (4/71 - #1; #2) [3:47] Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me) - The Temptations (2/71 - #1; #1) [3:23] Theme from Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To) - Diana Ross (11/75 - #14; #1) [2:44] Ben - Michael Jackson (8/72 - #5; #1)  SIDE TWO [3:17] Touch Me in the Morning - Diana Ross (6/73 - #5; #1) [3:37] Three Times a Lady - The Commodores (6/78 - #1; #1) [4:12] Got to Give it Up - Marvin Gaye (4/77 - #1; #1) [3:47] Love Hangover - Diana Ross (4/76 - #1; #1) [4:00] Sail On - The Commodores (8/79 - #8; #4)  TOTAL TIME: 38:27
1927 WAITING FOR THE SUN might be evidence that Jim Morrison was either a tapped-out lyric writer ("Not To Touch The Earth" and "Summer's Almost Gone") or just totally stoned out of his mind ("The Celebration Of The Lizard" poetry). But then, we see flashes of the sort of brilliance that permeated the DOORS' first two albums-- tracks like "The Unknown Soldier" and "Five To One" stand up against any that this band ever recorded.  Musically, WAITING FOR THE SUN often sounds tremendously dated-- perhaps it was outmoded even in 1968. Fuzz guitar and calliope-like organ are everywhere-- there's waltzes ("Wintertime Love") and schmaltzes ("Love Street") and all sorts of filler. A pattern of inconsistency established here followed the group right through to L.A. WOMAN. The DOORS were a band that the "Best Of" compilation was ideal for. Like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-SOFT-PARADE/dp/B000M4PPM2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE SOFT PARADE</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MORRISON-HOTEL/dp/B000K380NG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MORRISON HOTEL</a>, WAITING FOR THE SUN is only for their most devoted fans and perhaps '60s rock completists.  CONTENTS-- SIDE ONE: [2:14] Hello, I Love You [2:53] Love Street [3:56] Not to Touch the Earth [3:22] Summer's Almost Gone [1:54] Wintertime Love [3:25] The Unknown Soldier  SIDE TWO: [3:03] Spanish Caravan [3:01] My Wild Love [2:26] We Could Be So Good Together [2:36] Yes, the River Knows [4:26] Five to One  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 33:08
1928 The CLASSIC FILM NOIR 9 MOVIE PACK offers thirteen full hours of spine-tingling shadowy melodramas and some of Hollywood's best actors, all at one terrific low price. Film noir (or "dark cinema") reigned supreme from the late 1930s until the early 50s. Unlike most "happy ending" movies, in noir the protagonist often faced humiliation, defeat and even death. These little gems are all still very highly regarded by connoisseurs of this genre, and for good reason. If you are new to film noir, here's the perfect set to start your collection off right!  And if you have all these great titles already, or would like even more of the same, then you simply cannot go wrong with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DARK-CRIMES-COLLECTION-50-MOVIE-PACK/dp/B000BQ5IXW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DARK CRIMES COLLECTION 50 MOVIE PACK</a>. It'll keep you on the edge of your seat for weeks to come.  . The following alphabetized movie list includes viewer poll 1 to 10 ratings, years of release and principal actors for each title.  (7.3) Detour (1945) - Tom Neal/Ann Savage (7.4) D.O.A. (1950) - Edmond O'Brien (7.1) The Hitch-Hiker (1953) - Edmund O'Brien/Frank Lovejoy/William Talman. (7.3) The Man Who Cheated Himself (1950) - Lee J. Cobb/Jane Wyatt (6.4) Quicksand (1950) - Mickey Rooney/Peter Lorre (6.4) The Scar ("Hollow Triumph")(1948) - Paul Henreid/Joan Bennett (7.5) The Strange Love of Martha Ivers (1946) - Barbara Stanwyck/Van Heflin/Lisabeth Scott/Kirk Douglas/Judith Anderson (7.5) The Stranger (1946) - Edward G. Robinson/Loretta Young/Orson Welles (7.2) Too Late for Tears (1949) - Lizabeth Scott/Don DeFore/Dan Duryea
1929 ALPHA VIDEO offers bargain priced, often hard-to-find vintage movies that are ideal for those willing to skip DVD extras. Their transfers show no evidence of restoration, so quality varies from one title to the next, with "fair to good" being the average.  Jack Hoxie, star of RIDERS OF THE LAW, was born in Oklahoma Indian Territory. The ex-rodeo champ arrived in Hollywood in 1913 and stunted in westerns until an observant producer gave him better roles. Often cast opposite Helen Holmes, a queen of railroad serials (along with Pearl White) and under the direction of Aussie-born J.P. McGowan, Jack was at that time known as "Hart Hoxie."  A supporting player in over 40 shorts and features, the newly-renamed Jack Hoxie finally got top-billing in 1920. With the advent of sound and advancing years however, Jack, who was nearly-illiterate and struggled mightily with dialogue, made only six more pictures before retiring at age 48. In 1965, he died in Kansas of leukemia, two months past his 80th birthday.  FILM SYNOPSIS-- In this five-reeler (dubbed from 16mm reduction stock), Jack and his companion (Rice) find a badly-wounded sheriff  (Lingham) and pursue the whiskey-smuggling perpetrators. The man's daughter (Sais, aka Mrs. Hoxie) believes Jack is a smuggler and has him arrested by a deputy (Harmon) who is actually the gang's chief. Hoxie, a U.S. Marshal in disguise, ultimately triumphs.  Riders of the Law (silent-1922) - Jack Hoxie/Marin Sais/Frank Rice/Pat Harmon/Thomas G. Lingham/Jack. P. Pierce/Frank Jonasson
1930 In writer/director Michael Kalesniko's HOW TO KILL YOUR NEIGHBOR'S DOG, Branagh is an LA-based playwright who was hot in the '80s but has written only flops recently. Wife Wright wants a baby, which renders Branagh impotent, perhaps intentionally. He's miserable, can't sleep because of a neighbor's barking dog, is a chain-smoker and is in rehearsals on a new play, one that's still being written and fought over by cast and fey director. Wright's mom (Redgrave), who's apparently dying a piece at a time and is often quite incoherent, lives with them.  When a single mother moves in next door, Branagh and Wright become attached to her daughter, a girl with mild multiple sclerosis. Finally, there's Branagh's doppelg&auml;nger, a weirdo stalker who wanders near the house at nght. This oddball really, really, really thinks he's the playwright. When Branagh meets him one early morning, he becomes friends with this wannabe. It all sounds strange and it is, but this is also a dark comedy filled with hearty laughs.  Highly recommended.  . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.9) How To Kill Your Neighbor's Dog (Germany/USA-1999) - Kenneth Branagh, Robin Wright, Suzi Hofrichter, Lynn Redgrave, Jared Harris, Peter Riegert, David Krumholtz, Peri Gilpin
1931 As a small child in the early 1960's, I was given an EP of four songs that were originally on the COOL WATER album (these were: "Cool Water," "Tumbling Tumbleweeds," "The Last Round-up" and "Riders In The Sky"). At the time, I didn't know who the Sons of the Pioneers were and had never heard any of their music. Long story short-- I LOVED that record. So, many years later, when the opportunity presented itself, I gladly bought the LP.  This early stereo recording (1959) is a marvel. Traditional cowboy songs with a full (yet not intrusive) orchestra. Gorgeous harmonies, with most lead vocals by Dale Warren, plus Hugh Farr hitting those deep, deep notes, classic tunes and excellent clarity. COOL WATER (LPM/LSP-2118) is a truly great album that all fans of traditional American music should own. Highest recommendation.  SIDE ONE [2:08] Cool Water [2:03] Whoopie-Ti-Yi-Yo [2:34] Wind [2:13] Cowboy's Dream [2:49] The Last Round-Up [1:59] Ridin' Home [2:28] Twilight on the Trail [2:13] Red River Valley [2:15] Wagon Wheels  SIDE TWO [2:20] Riders in the Sky [2:49] Blue Prairie [1:42] Way Out There [1:52] Empty Saddles [2:21] Teardrops in My Heart [2:13] Blue Shadows on the Trail [2:24] Ridin' Down the Canyon [2:13] Timber Trail [2:25] Tumbling Tumbleweeds  TOTAL TIME: 41:01
1932 An independent grocer here in South Florida recently acquired several varieties of PROGRESSO soups (possibly discontinued flavors?) and they're selling them for a great price, much lower than other stores.  Yesterday I took a chance and purchased several cans of each type, including HEARTY TOMATO ROTINI.  In the past I've had Progresso's plain Hearty Tomato and found the abundant number of large tomato chunks weren't to my liking. This version however with its additional spiral ronis is far better-- not too many tomato lumps, and smaller pieces, at that.  Also, the pasta has a "just right" firmness. Don't like when its overcooked. The additional seasonings and that dark red color are satisfying in so many ways. It's truly yummy soup  So, if PROGRESSO HEARTY TOMATO ROTINI is available in your area, by all means give it a try. Also it's always here at AMMY if you can't find it locally.  (PS to Progresso: the tomato is a fruit!)
1933 ST. CLAIR's WORLD'S FAIRS is a three DVD set that features vintage highlights of several 20th Century expositions. These short films (dating as far back as 1915) were originally used for promotional purposes. Visitors to the fairs often saw displays of the latest dazzling technologies, and were given glimpses into a future that even now has never been fully realized.  ALSO RECOMMENDED: The two-hour PBS documentary,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-WORLD-S-GREATEST-FAIR/dp/B000ALM412/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE WORLD'S GREATEST FAIR</a>&nbsp;is a fascinating in-depth look at the 1904 St. Louis exposition where such novelties as the Ferris Wheel, Dr. Pepper, the ice cream cone, peanut butter, iced tea and cotton candy were introduced to the general public.  PROGRAM CONTENTS of "World's Fairs":  DISC ONE-- SAN FRANCISCO - 1915: Panama-Pacific International Exposition Revisited The Story of Jewel City San Francisco World's Fair  CHICAGO - 1933: A Century of Progress - International Exposition, Chicago 1933 Silent Footage BONUS: Gallery I (7 minutes)  DISC TWO-- NEW YORK - 1939: Leave It to Roll-Oh To New Horizons The World Tomorrow Silent Footage  SAN FRANCISCO - 1939: Golden Gate - International Exposition San Francisco - International Exposition Treasure Island Farewell to Treasure Island  SAN FRANCISCO - 1940: Dead Fair BONUS-- Gallery II (7 minutes)  DISC THREE-- NEW YORK - 1964: Fair From On High - Monorail Offers Bird's Eye View Progress Reports: The New York World's Fair 1964-1965 Unisphere: Biggest World On Earth To the Fair Out of This World  SEATTLE - 1962: Century 21 Calling... BONUS-- Gallery III (5 minutes)
1934 BOTE: This DVD has been miscategorized as a publication.  . REPUBLIC Pictures programmer RED RIVER VALLEY (aka "Man of the Frontier") originally ran a full hour. Presented here is the edited 54 minute version. (A 2004 restoration clocks in at 59.) Filmed on location in Yuma, AZ., Gene Autry's vocal on the traditional cowboy ballad title song includes lyrics modified by Nick Manoloff. Besides incidental music, this western songfest has one original Autry tune, a pair by Smiley Burnette and one written by both men.  The river construction project at the center of this story seems right out of the TVA or the New Deal's WPA.  SYNOPSIS-- Valley banker Hartley Moore (LaRue) sabotages efforts of local citizens to construct a Red River irrigation system. When five men overseeing the dam's construction are murdered, Gene accepts a job as "ditch rider," an armed and mounted patrol officer. Steve Conway (Howard), an employee of project overseer George Baxter (Fiint), becomes jealous when Baxter's daughter Mary (Grant) shows a romantic interest in Gene. He throws in with Moore and hires Bull (Chesebro) plus several cohorts to dynamite the dam and kill Gene and sidekick 'Frog' (Burnette).  Amidst all this trouble, Gene and friends are able to perform a few numbers. It's a typical Autry western, with a usual less-than-steller supporting cast and formulaic plot that holds together primarily because of the efforts of our singing hero. Recommended for fans of 'B' unit westerns and '30s cowboy music.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (5.6) Red River Valley (1936) - Gene Autry/Smiley Burnette/Frances Grant/Boothe Howard/Sam Flint/ George Chesebro/Frank La Rue
1935 This is a most satisfying sampling of the CAPITOL records Nat King Cole archives.  Tracks #1 - 5 are taken directly from the original lacquer session discs, so a bit of surface noise can be heard-- nothing severe, though. (Get Your Kicks On) Route 66 includes two false starts! The Christmas Song and Nature Boy are the original mono versions-- superior in all respects to their later re-recordings.  Nat made stereo duplicates of all his biggest hits shortly before succumbing to lung cancer, in early 1965. His failing health was quite apparent on the newer waxing of Mona Lisa. Cole was unable to sustain the long note on the last "Lisa"-- he actually ran out of breath and choked off-- very sad. But none of that is to be found here on this sparkling original mono side.  The next several selections continue the established pattern of older monaural masters. Cuts #15 - 20 are from 3-track stereo session tapes. Prior to the first of these, Non-Dimenticar, we hear Cole receive some coaching on pronunciation of the Italian lyrics. Those Lazy, Hazy, Crazy Days Of Summer has pre-song studio chatter, as well.  The CAPITOL COLLECTORS SERIES * NAT KING COLE is a superb gathering of King Cole classics, taken from the best sources available. Highly recommended.  TOTAL TIME: 57:50
1936 Released in May of 1957, the mono-only AFTER SCHOOL SESSION WITH CHUCK BERRY (LP-1426) was the second CHESS Records album, and their first by a solo artist. The program is from Berry's first five CHESS sessions and includes some 'B' sides.  Released in April of '57, "School Day" was Chuck's first Billboard R&B #1, and a #3 Pop crossover. "Deep Feeling" was its 'B' side. "Down Bound Train" was the flip of "No Money Down," an R&B #8 hit. "Too Much Monkey Business" and "Brown Eyed Handsome Man" was a double-sided R&B hit, peaking at #4 and #5 respectively. "Wee Wee Hours," the flip side of "Maybelline" (not here) reached #10 R&B. "Together (We Will Always Be)" is the non-charting 'B' of "Thirty Days" (not here). "Drifting Heart" is the non-charting flip of "Rolll Over Beethoven" (also not here). "Havana Moon" backed "You Can't Catch Me" (not here). Neither song charted.  SIDE ONE [2:43] School Day [2:21] Deep Feeling [2:56] Too Much Monkey Business [3:05] Wee Wee Hours [2:51] Roly Poly [2:59] No Money Down  SIDE TWO [2:19] Brown Eyed Handsome Man [2:33] Berry Pickin' [2:39] Together (We Will Always Be) [3:09] Havana Moon [2:51] Down Bound Train [2:50] Drifting Heart  TOTAL TIME: 33:16
1937 This indie production of Shakespeare's THE TEMPEST is a bit uneven, acting-wise.  While Efrem Zimbalist Jr. makes a fine Prospero, Ron Palillo as Trinculo is doing his Arnold Horshack "Welcome Back, Kotter" schtick. This edition, despite some performance and budget limitations, is true to the original and has the feel of an authentic 17th Century stageplay.  SYNOPSIS-- Prospero (the right Duke of Milan) and Miranda, his husband-hungry daughter are banished to a desolate island by Prospero's betraying brother Sebastian and the King of Naples. When a ship carrying his enemies comes near, Prospero casts a spell that creates a storm which wrecks the vessel, marooning all aboard on Prospero's prison island. One of these survivors, the King's son Ferdinand falls in love with Miranda, and she with him while Sebastian and the others wander dazedly around the island.  The Zimbalist "Tempest" is available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B000059XTX/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>. A 1998 Peter Fonda TV movie is rewritten as a Civil War story set in Mississippi.  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS-only/dp/B00002NDKR/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS only</a>) The '79 British-made film is probably the best version available.  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS/dp/6305337098/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS</a>)  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/6305739862/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.3) The Tempest (1983) - Efrem Zimbalist Jr./J.E. Taylor/Nicholas Hammond/Duane Black/Ron Palillo/Kay E. Kuter/William Hootkins/Ted Sorel
1938 MAXIM MEDIA's "Pendulum Pictures" horror films are distributed exclusively by MILL CREEK ENTERTAINMENT. These movies are a throwback to the early '60s type of drive-in theater gorefests that were once popular with teens. If you're looking for big-budget state of the art special effects and top rank actors this series may not be right for you. Murder, mayhem and madness aficionados will not be disappointed by this little collection of killer babes, however.  More wicked, wanton, witchy women (including barely legal lesbian vampires) can be found on the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BRUTAL-BLOODSUCKERS-6-MOVIE-PACK/dp/B000H5U66Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BRUTAL BLOODSUCKERS 6 MOVIE PACK</a>. Watch these and you'll be sure to say, "fangs for the mammaries."  . The alphabetized program list below includes 1 to 10 viewer poll ratings, original theatrical names (where applicable) year of release and principal actors for each title.  (3.3) The Bewitching (2006) - Beverly Lynne/Tezz Vancey/Steve Reaser (3.4) A Candle In The Dark (2002) - Alexandra Ackerman/Shelby Barendrick/Trish Christensen (2.4) Catholic Ghoulgirls ("Catholic Ghoulgirls") (2005) - Mark Brown/Ally Melling/James Hudnall (4.5) Cutting Room! (2005) - Lyla Sullivan/Noelle D'Amato/Shaun O'Rourke (3.0) The Parasite (1997) - David Gaffney/Julia Matias/David Akin (4.1) Up For Rent (2006) - Sharon Savene/Shania Patricia/Daniel Cohn
1939 THE ADMIRAL WAS A LADY (1950) is the only film credited as "presented by Jack M. Warner" (Jr.).  Here, Edmund O'Brien handles a comedic role well. He's leader of a former WWII squad of ne'er-do-wells who expend more energy avoiding employment that it would take to hold a job. As we soon see. they have a number of creative angles for living on the cheap. The gang's routine radically changes when they meet a charming young lady (Wanda Hendrix) just out of the Navy who hopes to reunite with her boyfriend.  It's a pleasant story with a predictable finale, but getting to that conclusion is where the fun lies.  Rudy Vallee provides the biggest laughs as a jukebox company owner who often suffers back spasms that cause strange gyrations and contortions. Also with Johnny Sands, Steve Brodie, Richard Erdman and Hillary Brooke as Vallee's trouble-making ex-wife.
1940 Lately I've been sampling protein bars of varying quality. I bring them to work and have half of a 200 calorie bar on my morning nreak. The remainder is saved for the next work day.  I intended to do the same with this V8 PROTEIN SHAKE.  A first tentative sip registered a strong creamy raspberry taste, but the second swallow made me think of chocolate milk--PLUS.  Bottom line: I love this stuff and couldn't stop at half a bottle. It went down fast and easy! This was like having dessert.  BTW, there's absolutely no indication from the flavor that this concoction also contains juice from sweet potatoes and yellow carrots.  If it's really good for you that's a huge plus. As is, V8 CHOCOLATE RASPBERRY PROTEIN SHAKE is an absolute delight!
1941 From 1969, THE GREAT SONGS OF CHRISTMAS Album Eight (CSS 1033) is the ninth of fourteen annual various artists holiday music LPs that COLUMBIA Special Products created for the Goodyear Tire Co. The record is packaged in a gatefold cover, unique for this series. (NOTE: Lena Horne's "Jingle Bells" is edited.)  SIDE ONE The Happiest Christmas - Petula Clark The Secret of Christmas - Bing Crosby (from the film "Say One For Me") The Twelve Days of Christmas - Joan Sutherland (coloratura soprano) The First Nol - Connie Francis MEDLEY: O Come All Ye Faithful / God Rest Ye Merry, Gentleman - Richard Kiley MEDLEY: Hark! The Herald Angels Sing / Good King Wenceslas / It Came Upon a Midnight Clear -  Lawrence Welk & his Champagne Musicmakers In Dulce Jubilo ("In sweet rejoicing") - The London Symphony Orchestra, Erich Leinsdorf-cond. w./the Roger Wagner Chorale O Holy Night - Mantovani & his orch. Silent Night, Holy Night - Petula Clark  SIDE TWO Winter Wonderland - Lena Horne The Skater's Waltz - Mantovani & his orch O Little Town of Bethlehem - Connie Francis Panis Angelicus ("Angelic Bread") -  Richard Kiley Jingle Bells - Lena Horne O Sanctissima ("O most holy") - The London Symphony Orchestra, Erich Leinsdorf-cond. w./the Roger Wagner Chorale A Christmas Tale for Children (aka "Fairy Tale in A Maj., Op. 51 #3") - Vladimir Horowitz (piano) Ave Maria - Joan Sutherland
1942 ALI'S 65 (TV-2007) - Muhammad Ali, Bob Arum, Ed Bradley, Angelo Dundee, George Foreman, Larry Holmes, James Earl Jones, Spike Lee, Lennox Lewis, Al Sharpton, Ernie Terrell, plus many more!  This forty-six minute ESPN special ends sadly, with scenes of Ali ravaged by Parkinson's Syndrome, now slowed to a crawl and silenced. But the story the comes before is a glorious one!  Extras with ALI'S 65: The Thrilla in Manila (10/1/75) and Clay's Light Heavyweight gold medal fight vs. Poland's Ziggy Pietrzykowski (9/5/60, Rome Olympics).  Both fights in their entirety. Dr. Ferdie Pacheco provides optional commentary for the Thrilla match.
1943 Founded in 1993, Chandler, AZ. based AFA ENTERTAINMENT wholesales and retails PD motion pictures in both full and widescreen formats. Cover art is often repros of vintage movie posters. They also provide a transfer to DVD service for videotapes and 8mm home movies. Their film dubs offer no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Quality of these unrestored transfers is based on condition of source material, which can vary from very good to only fair.  Since this film was never widescreen, AFA has either stretched (and thus distorted) the image, cut off the top and bottom, or used a combination of both to simulate a widescreen movie. .  In CARNIVAL OF SOULS, after surviving a terrible car accident, a young woman moves to Salt Lake City to take a job as a church organist. Frequent visions of a ghostly spectre eventually lead her to an abandoned pavillon's ballroom, where dancers straddle the line between the living and the dead, an eerie scene that brings with it self-realization of the girl's own fate.  A remarkable first-and-only motion picture from industrial short director Herk Harvey (who also cameos as the undead man). This one's cult status seems to grow with each passing year. A must see!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.2) Carnival of Souls (1962) - Candace Hilligoss/Sidney Berger/Frances Feist/Steve Boozer/Forbes Caldwell/Herk Harvey
1944 MASTER AND COMMANDER (2003) works best in its depiction of the relationship between a beloved ship's captain (Russell Crowe) and his crew. A dinner scene is particularly engaging, as are the cultured moments of violin and cello duets. Manueverings off the coast of South America between frigate HMS Surprise and the more formidible French vessel the Acheron are also most interesting.  This film is a letdown however in the all-important boarding and hand-to-hand battle sequence. Shot with the shakiest of handheld cameras, it's absolutely impossible to follow what's going on, practically until the skirmish's outcome is decided. If the intention here was to baffle the viewer, this film's creators succeeded in my case. Yet, being served home movie quality smeary action after eagerly anticipating a thrilling swashbuckler of cutlass, dirk and bludgeon is just very unsatisfying to this sea adventure fan.  In all other regards, "M & C: The Far Side Of The World"  is a fine motion picture.
1945 WHEN THE WEST WAS YOUNG (1932), originally "Heritage of the Desert," is a Paramount production shot on the company's ranch in Agoura.  Originally by Zane Grey, this Utah set story, as delimned by director Henry Hathaway, has the clich&eacute; western plot devices: rustling, a land grab, galloping gangs, a showdown, etc. At least Randy Scott is nice to look at.  Also with Sally Blane, J. Farrell MacDonald, "Big Boy" Williams and other familiar stock players. As of 5/17 it's rated 5.8 at IMDb.  . Another PARAMOUNT adapted Zane Grey novel that's directed by Charles Barton  (he later worked extensively with Abbott & Costello), THE FIGHTING WESTERNER  (originally "Rocky Mountain Mystery") is a low-budget programmer that effectively combines the western and who-dun-it genres and offers a few casting surprises, namely Ann Sheridan and Randolph Scott at the beginning of their careers. Also appearing is 19th Century stage actress Mrs. Leslie Carter as the family matriarch.  THE STORY-- A mining engineer (Scott) investigating the mysterious disappearance of his brother-in-law  joins forces with a crusty deputy sheriff (Sale) who is himself looking into the murder of a mine owner. When two more people die, all the suspects have alibis.  Also recommended: In 1936, Randy Scott starred as "Hawkeye" in an excellent version of J.F. Cooper's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-LAST-OF-THE-MOHICANS/dp/B006ZYCHAG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS</a>.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.0) Rocky Mountain Mystery (1935) - Charles 'Chic' Sale, Mrs. Leslie Carter, Kathleen Burke, Ann Sheridan,  George F. Marion, James Eagles, Howard Wilson, Willie Fung, Florence Roberts/Randolph Scott
1946 Founded in 1993, Chandler, AZ. based AFA ENTERTAINMENT wholesales and retails PD motion pictures in both full and widescreen formats. Cover art is often repros of vintage movie posters. They also provide a transfer to DVD service for videotapes and 8mm home movies. Their film dubs offer no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Quality of these unrestored transfers is based on condition of source material, which can vary from very good to only fair. .  DINNER AT THE RITZ is a minor classic of the British murder-mystery genre that concerns the daughter of a supposed suicide who seeks the true story of her banker father's demise. She allies herself with a government agent who's conducting his own investigation along similar lines. Filmed on a yacht and on location in Paris, Monte Carlo and London, this witty motion picture has great sets, elegant costumes and a capable cast. (David Niven's first starring role.)  ALSO RECOMMENDED This movie is also on a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD-2-fer/dp/B000HYVJXG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD 2-fer</a>&nbsp;pairing with NO, NO, NANETTE (1940), or with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HAPPY-GO-LOVELY/dp/B0006GANW8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HAPPY GO LOVELY</a>&nbsp;(1951).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.0) Dinner at the Ritz (UK-1937) - Annabella/David Niven/Paul Lukas/Romney Brent/Francis L. Sullivan/Stewart Rome
1947 Issued in both mono (LP-9152) and stereo (LP-12071), RICK IS 21 was IMPERIAL Records' way of celebrating Rick Nelson's 5/8/61 passage into adulthood. Arrangements for this album are by Jimmie Haskell.  The LP's back cover has b&w snapshot repros that show young Nelson at various stages of his life from age one to twenty.  Between 1957 and '73, Rick had 54 singles that charted in America including twenty that made the Top Ten and four that reached #1.  Two here were written by Gene Pitney: "Sure Fire Bet" and "Hello Mary Lou," a national #9. Additionally, "Travelin' Man" made it to BILLBOARD's top spot in April of 1961.  SIDE ONE [2:14] My One Desire [2:11] That Warm Summer Night [1:53] Break My Chain [2:32] Do You Know What it Means to Miss New Orleans [2:18] I'll Make Believe [2:12] Travelin' Man  SIDE TWO [2:08] Oh Yeah, I'm in Love [2:11] Everybody But Me [2:17] Lucky Star [2:07] Sure Fire Bet [2:34] Stars Fell on Alabama [2:17] Hello Mary Lou  TOTAL TIME: 25:04
1948 The face style of this attractive TIMEX quartz watch seems a throwback to their spring driven movements of 50 years ago. The dial is also larger than any ladies watches I've seen, but that's a huge plus for my old eyes. The band is comfortably wide and lightweight and the mechanism case reasonably thin.  Although regarded as a casual item I plan to wear it at my supermarket day job. Definitely a winner.
1949 The Canadian-made thriller, THE LIST would be merely pedestrian if the plot wasn't so darned confusing-- nebulous and fleeting characters are as frequent as the number of times dialogue turns hokey. This late-career starring role for Ryan O'Neal is definitely not a resume topper. Veteran character actor Ben Gazzara as a D.A. is wasted in support.  SYNOPSIS-- A high-end call girl (Amick) arranges a false arrest as an opportunity to make public her list of prominent clients. When she submits her catalog of attorneys, judges and politicians in court, the presiding magistrate (O'Neal) considers sealing the evidence to protect his many friends who will be incriminated if the list is published.  A case-related murder is committed; the judge and prostitute are threatened. Detectives believe the perpetrator is someone on the list, but they're ordered to cease investigating. One of them chooses to continue, with the girl's assistance. To do so they must endanger their own lives.  Related item: Mdchen Amick has a supporting role in the Jeff Bridges thriller,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SCENES-OF-THE-CRIME/dp/B00004YRI6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SCENES OF THE CRIME</a>&nbsp;(2001).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (4.9) The List (Canada-2000) - Ryan O'Neal/Roc LaFortune/Mdchen Amick/Ben Gazzara/Catherine Blythe/Romano Orzani
1950 I exclusively wear front-closing longline bras, DD, yet was pleasantly surprised with this D cup Vanity Fair bra. The fit is perfect and I actually prefer how I look with it. Seems like I've been converted to a new size, style and company, Vanity Fair.  My thanks to AMAZON for the chance to try this garment. It's marvelous!
1951 The one thing Fats Waller was most renowned for was probably his weakest ability-- his so-called singing. On all too many records, Waller replaced vocalizing with calculated buffonery. This may be fine for a song or two, but when listening to a dozen or more such examples, the intended humor simply falls flat. Thus, the best tracks on FATS WALLER * THE ULTIMATE COLLECTION are the four solo piano works that allow Waller's musical talents to shine, also his few vocals that have a minimum of clowning.  As for this "ultimate" package-- the CD is definitely far from that. Songs have been noticeably filtered; some loss of tonal subtleties is apparent. Liner notes consist solely of a two-page fan opinion piece/bio-- no personnel, recording dates, song details given. The biggest misstep may be the choice of Waller's organ recording of "Ain't Misbehavin'." There are several other waxings of this signature tune that are far superior.  On the positive side-- included here are many of Waller's most popular records, so if you're looking for a gathering of essential Fats Waller tunes at a fair price, you won't be disappointed with this PRISM LEISURE album. (3 stars)  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 74:42
1952 Co-producer Stephen King and his daughter Tabitha are contributing writers to this thirteen chapter TV series about a spook-infested hospital that was built on the ruins of a mill fire disaster. KINGDOM HOSPITAL's great cast elevates a creepy ghost story that fails only in a final recap-driven, pull-it-all-together episode. Otherwise, it's a fine way to lose youself for many hours in the suprernatural, the comic and the tragic.  Recommended to all!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (6.5) Kingdom Hospital (TV-2004) - Jamie Harrold/Andrew McCarthy/Bruce Davison/Diane Ladd/Ed Begley Jr./Benjamin Ratner/Alan Scarfe/Antony Holland/Michael Lerner
1953 The KIRK DOUGLAS TRIPLE FEATURE showcases three of the actor's earliest films.  In MY DEAR SECRETARY, Douglas seems so young he's almost unrecognizable. This screwball comedy has Kirk portraying a playboy-author who hires a gal straight out of a writing class to take shorthand for his next novel. A mutual attraction leads to marriage, and later, a rivalry. Keenan Wynn, as the zany next-door/live-in neighbor, steals the show.  THE STRANGE LOVE OF MARTHA IVERS is the most famous movie in this small set. A classic film noir starring Barbara Stanwyck as a ruthless, domineering businesswoman with a deep, dark secret. Douglas, in one of his more complex roles, is her alcoholic D.A. husband.  THE BIG TREES is a tecnicolor feast about dishonest lumberman and all-around heel Douglas who cheats his workmen and alienates everyone closest to him. After relocating from Wisconsin to California, Kirk intends to rob land from a religious sect and cut down the ancient redwoods on it. Tragic events make him change his ways, and by story's end bad guy becomes hero.  (5.6) The Big Trees (1952) - Kirk Douglas/Eve Miller/Edgar Buchanan/Alan Hale Jr. (5.8) My Dear Secretary (1949) - Laraine Day/Kirk Douglas/Keenan Wynn/Rudy Vallee (7.5) The Strange Love of Martha Ivers (1946) - Barbara Stanwyck/Van Heflin/Lisabeth Scott/Kirk Douglas/Judith Anderson
1954 Niche market mfrs. such as TROMA ENTERTAINMENT offer no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Dubs are "best available source" and can vary from very good to only fair.  TWISTED JUSTICE is a very low-budget crime drama set in a Los Angeles of the future, a city where firearms are outlawed. Even the police cannot carry weapons more formidable than airguns with tranquilizer darts (called 'stingers'). One officer though ignores the law and is not afraid to shoot to kill any criminal who endangers human life, especially his own. He is of course the hero of our story, played with some brio by writer/director David Heavener.  A potentially good concept is badly hampered by surprisingly amateurish performances from several 'name' actors, all of whom have done better work. Characters are cartoonish, lines delivered in over-the-top fashion, sets decorated from a Dollar Store, with hand-lettered signs standing in for professionally stenciled ones. Our hero cop's room is 70s college dorm, with walls that display purloined freeway signs in lieu of artwork, mirrors or anything hinting of good taste.  The audio mix is bizarre. Repetitive electronically-generated music and all sound effects are in stereo while voices get isolated to extreme left channel only, thus dialogue seems remote and at times hard to understand.  Despite all these drawbacks, action sequences are well-executed and are the only saving grace of what often seems a C+ student film. Only for action movie completists.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (2.9) Twisted Justice (1990) - David Heavener/Erik Estrada/Shannon Tweed/David Campbell/Jim Brown/James Van Patten/Karen Black/Don Stroud
1955 In 1969, LONGINES SYMPHONETTE (in cooperation with DECCA Records) issued two single-disc editions of THOSE MEMORY YEARS:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VOLUME-ONE/dp/B001GTME30/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VOLUME ONE</a>&nbsp;and this companion LP (SY 5206). There's also a 6-album box set of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THOSE-MEMORY-YEARS/dp/B001C9PBWU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THOSE MEMORY YEARS</a>.ggg  Front cover fine print is misleading: "A few of the selections in the STEREO edition have been electronically altered to simulate Stereo." In fact, all but three of these tracks are processed from mono sources. The good news: this rechanneling is very well done and sounds nothing like CAPITOL's horrid out-of-phase wind tunnel mislabeled as  DUOPHONIC. The word "enhance" is accurate here.  My favorite tracks: King Cole Trio, Mills Bros., Eddie Cantor, Pearlie Mae, the Ink Spots and "Schnozzola."  PROGRAM-- Stereo (S) where indicated.  SIDE ONE [2:51] Inka Dinka Doo - Jimmy Durante [3:14] Nobody - Pearl Bailey [3:11] (Chopin's) Polonaise - Carmen Cavallero, piano (S) [3:00] Makin' Whoopie - Eddie Cantor [3:04] Maybe - The Ink Spots [2:27] Deep Purple - Sammy Kaye and his orchestra (S) [3:28] Chatanooga Choo Choo - Tex Beneke and the Modernaires  SIDE TWO [2:51] Fascination - Liberace, piano (S) [3:21] You Always Hurt The One You Love - The Mills Bros. [2:32] Honeysuckle Rose - The King Cole Trio [2:39] Melody Of Love - Wayne King and his orchestra [2:59] Elmer's Tune - Ray Eberle and the Modernaires w/Tex Beneke's orchestra [2:33] Mr. Sandman - The Four Aces [3:22] One O'Clock Jump - Count Basie and his orchestra TOTAL TIME: 41:32
1956 Robert Parrish's JOURNEY TO THE FAR SIDE OF THE SUN (aka Doppelg&auml;nger) (1969) looks and feels like a '60s 007 picture, especially when Herbert Lom removes an eyeball that's been converted to a mini-spy camera.  Clearly, the UK release of this sci-fier showed an unconcern for plot spoilers, as anyone who knows or looks up the meaning of 'doppelg&auml;nger' has the plot twist nailed. Not that this one's such a mystery, for the first time we see an instrument panel with all the words spelled backwards, or ink pens in a right breast pocket or men's shirts that button from the left, us 'with-it' movie-goers pretty much know what the deal is here. And so we wait for the folks on-screen to figure it all out, too.  To synopsize, when a planet is discovered orbiting the sun on the same path of and directly opposite Earth, two men are sent into space to investigate. They crash land home far too soon after launch and only pilot Col. Glenn Ross (Roy Thinnes) survives. Denying that he aborted the flight and turned around, Ross soon notices that everything is backwards: writing, car steering wheels, the interior of his own home. While Ross ponders this conundrum and his examiners wonder why the colonel's heart is on the wrong side of his chest, we yawn, then get up and go buy a box of Milk Duds and another soda.  It's fun seeing neat antique special effects in this Technicolor fantasy adventure and if you've nothing more pressing to do you'll probably watch it to the very end. Not 'required viewing' by any means, but still a decent movie.
1957 The posthumous DECCA label LP, PATSY CLINE 12 GREATEST HITS was the #1 best-selling country music album until the 1990s.  All tracks are AAD stereo dubs, including "Walkin' After Midnight," a remake of her 1957 hit. The six panel insert provides a bio, editorial, chronology, Cline MCA album catalog and complete session personnel for all tracks.  Patsy not only was the first woman to ever "close" various artist concerts and Grand Ole Opry broadcasts, she was also one of the earliest country stars to cross over into mainstream pop. With classy touches of strings, echo and backing vocals by the Jordanaires (and others), these dozen Owen Bradley produced sides stand the test of time. The music of Pasty Cline will simply never go out of style! Highest recommendation.  PROGRAM--  [2:01] Walkin' After Midnight [2:35] Sweet Dreams (Of You) [2:44] Crazy [2:50] I Fall To Pieces [3:02] So Wrong [2:12] Strange [2:05] Back In Baby's Arms [3:01] She's Got You [3:44] Faded Love [3:28] Why Can't He Be You [2:52] You're Stronger Than Me [2:24] Leavin' On Your Mind  TOTAL PLAYING TIME: 32:58
1958 AOXOMOXOA, the Grateful Dead's first great album, must be heard in its original mix to be truly appreciated. Thus, it's advisable before investing in vintage vinyl to contact the seller for verification that he/she has the green label WARNER's/7 ARTS 1969-70 version.  Beginning in late 1971 and to the present, this palindromically titled gem has (with one exception)** only been available in a drastically altered edition, with vocals too-far forward, channel shifts, phasing and flanging effects nearly non-existent. Back covers of the newer LPs are labeled as "Remixed September, 1971."  Clarity of voice is no substitute for the creators' initial experimental vision. (When it comes to such matters, always trust an ex-hippie over 50!)  (**The Dead's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/WARNER-BROS-STUDIO-ALBUMS/dp/B003YEWSP4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">WARNER BROS. STUDIO ALBUMS</a>&nbsp;vinyl box includes a 1969 AOXOMOXOA version.)  PROGRAM--  SIDE ONE: [4:26] St. Stephen [3:32] Dupree's Diamond Blues [1:58] Rosemary [4:41] Doin' That Rag  SIDE TWO: [4:02] Mountains of the Moon [3:40] China Cat Sunflower [8:12] What's Become of the Baby [5:29] Cosmic Charlie  TOTAL TIME -- 36:00
1959 In 1801, Napoleon Bonaparte ordered the Marquis de Sade imprisoned without trial, in part for his publication of this slender volume of depraved brutality, "JUSTINE - The Misfortunes of Virtue." Sade was eventually banished from a standard prison to a virtual dungeon, after being accused of attempts to seduce young male prisoners. Legend has it that the warped Marquis, while isolated in the harsh fortress of Bictre, recorded on scraps of paper his most vile thoughts and fantasies. These were supposedly found later, stashed behind a loose brick in his cell and were either suppressed or destroyed outright.  The man who the word "sadism" was named for tells in "Justine" a blunt and twisted parable of two sisters, one with loose morals, and the other (Justine) who treasures above all else her unsullied maidenhood. The two girls become separated and Justine soon descends into a nightmare spiral of abuse and horrendous victimization that leave her near story's end lying in a gutter, close to death. But then, in a calculatedly mocking irony, Sade reunites the long-separated siblings.  Juliette, whose escapades had eventually led to a noble marriage, takes in her emaciated sister, and tenderly nurses Justine's broken body and spirit. Some time later, Justine is seated on a porch, watching a gentle rain fall. She feels stronger, optimistic about the future, and content in the knowledge that through all her travails she'd never abandoned her personal standards. And then suddenly.......  It's a denouement you won't soon forget.  In his vividly explicit 1200 page opus&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/JULIETTE/dp/0802130852/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">JULIETTE</a>, Sade expounds on the theory that doing evil and being immoral will surely lead to all things good.
1960 CRASH is one HECK of a Christmas film! It's also the very first movie shot and set in Los Angeles to win a Best Picture Oscar.  It features a fine ensemble cast in a multi-layered story that's bursting with anger, hatred, resentment, suspicion, prejudice and violence. With all that darkness, there's still more than one miracle here. Not easy to watch, but infinitely rewarding. Highest recommendation.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (8.0) Crash (USA/Germany-2004) - Sandra Bullock/Don Cheadle/Tony Danza/Matt Dillon/Jennifer Esposito/Brendan Fraser
1961 For the sixth and final film of his legendary boxing series, writer/director Sly Stallone brings back characters only seen some 30 years earlier.  Spider Rico (Lovell), the opponent defeated by Rocky Balboa at the start of the first story, is now punch drunk and a recipient of the ex-champ's affectionate protection. Little Marie (Hughes), the teen who insulted Rocky when he suggested she clean up her act, is this final picture's leading lady. Sly's kid brother Frank, who had singing cameos in the first three movies, appears briefly in a restaurant scene.  Archive footage vividly depicts several ghosts from Rocky's past: his beloved wife Adrian, manager and best friend Mickey Goldmill, and ring opponents Ivan Drago and Clubber Lang. Conspicuously missing is Apollo Creed, although Rock reminisces about their epic first bout.  SYNOPSIS-- In this emotionally moving last chapter, Adrian's dead, Rocky lives only for the past. At 55, he has bouts of melancholy over her loss. Paulie (Young), Spider Rico (Lovell) and trainer Tony (Burton) are all that remain of the old days. Even the ice rink where Adrian and Rocky had their first date is rubble.  A computer simulation of Rocky fighting current champ Mason 'the Line' Dixon (light heavyweight champ Tarver) revives interest in the old slugger. Somehow, undefeated Dixon convinces Rocky to meet him in Las Vegas for an exhibition match. In doing so, Rocky is able to put to rest forever all the old memories that have been troubling him.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.2) Rocky Balboa (2006) - Sylvester Stallone/Burt Young/Antonio Tarver/Geraldine Hughes/Milo Ventimiglia/Tony Burton/Mike Tyson/Pedro Lovell/Jim Lampley. Larry Merchant/Max Kellerman/LeRoy Neiman/Bert Sugar/Frank Stallone
1962 The five British-made films featured in this Lion's Gate re-release of THE PETER SELLERS COLLECTION are nicely dubbed. There's no "extras" with this set.  I'M ALL RIGHT JACK! has some great sight gags and adult humor. It's the story of a young man at loose ends after returning from WWII who's trying to decide on a career path.  HEAVENS ABOVE is a good satire on both religion and commercialism, but it's spoiled by a silly "minister in space" finale.  THE SMALLEST SHOW ON EARTH is an early success for Sellers, who plays an elderly projectionist in a rundown movie theater.  CARLETON-BROWNE is a mediocre Terry-Thomas political farce where Sellers is wasted as the corrupt prime minister of an island nation long affiliated wth Britain. Not very funny or entertaining.  TWO WAY STRETCH is a neatly done prison comedy that has Sellers pulling a heist with an ironclad alibi for protection: supposedly he's incarcerated when this crime occurs.  Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll ratings.  (7.0) The Smallest Show On Earth (Big Time Operators) (UK-1957) - Virginia McKenna/Bill Travers/Margaret Rutherford/Peter Sellers/Bernard Miles  (6.4) Carleton-Browne of the F.O. (Man in a Ccked Hat) (UK-1959) - Terry-Thomas/Peter Sellers/Luciana Paluzzi/Ian Bannen  (7.0) Two Way Stretch (UK-1960) - Peter Sellers/David Lodge/Bernard Cribbins/Wilfrid Hyde-White/Lionel Jeffries  (7.4) I'm All Right Jack (UK-1960) - Ian Carmichael/Terry-Thomas/Peter Sellers/Richard Attenborough/Margaret Rutherford  (6.8) Heavens Above! (UK-1963) - Peter Sellers/Cecil Parker/Isabel Jeans/Ian Carmichael/Bernard Miles/Brock Peters/Eric Sykes
1963 According to label data, WALKERSWOOD Hot Jamaican Scotch Bonnet has only 45 mg. of sodium per tsp. What you're not told is a tsp. of this stuff will damn near kill you. Its intense heat lingers long after you've ingested it, whether in a soup or as the label recommends, on a "savory dish."  This is the kind of fire that hot sauce fans (like me) crave. It gives a steamy punch without overly flavoring foods. There's no chili powder or other potent spices here... just a bonfire of intensity!  Besides scotch bonnet this A bomb in a bottle contains vinegar, modified cornstarch (thickener?), salt, citric acid, scallions, onions, garlic powder, potassium sorbate (preservative) and thyme.  I love the way just two drops makes a cup of soup hotter than you-know-where. Despite possible intestinal repercussions tomorrow, I cannot recommend WALKERSWOOD too highly today.
1964 In director Roland West's early talkie ALIBI, a recently paroled mobster named Chick Williams (Morris) is suspected of murdering a cop despite the excuse that he was at a club with the daughter of the investigating sergeant when the crime occurred. The police plant a spy (Toomey) in the Williams gang who tries to get evidence against him, but this man is also killed. His extended death scene is full of histrionics and odd dialogue.  A camera mounted on the front bumper of a car privides some interesting footage, and a rooftop pursuit is also quite memorable. Considered innovative in its day, "Alibi" received three Oscar nominations: Best Picture, Best Art Direction and Actor (Morris).  FOOTNOTES: Roland West is reputed to have given Chester Morris a deathbed confession that he murdered actress/club owner Thelma Todd. Mae Busch was Ollie's wife in Laurel & Hardy's talkie debut, UNACCUSTOMED AS WE ARE (1929). This was character actor Regis Toomey's first film. Based on the 1927 Broadway drama, "Nightstick," a show that had four authors.  KINO's edition of ALIBI is available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B000SIWHBY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>.  ALSO RECOMMENDED: In THE BIG HOUSE (1930), Chester Morris again plays a notorious thug, along with co-star Wallace Beery.  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS/dp/6303092012/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS</a>) -- (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B002EAYDQ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  Alibi (1929) - Chester Morris/Harry Stubbs/Mae Busch/Eleanore Griffith/Regis Toomey/Purnell Pratt/Irma Harrison/Diana Beaumont
1965 The 2006 version of ALL THE KING'S MEN is a remake (like so many others) that wasn't necessary and does nothing to improve on the earlier film.  I'm partial to Sean Penn but have to reluctantly admit that he's totally miscast here. Penn is over the top from the outset with his evil Willie Stark portrayal. This leaves him nowhere to go but down, and he takes a good cast along on the sinking ship.  For the ultimate cinematic edition of Robert Penn Warren's novel, see the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/1949-original/dp/B000BITV92/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">1949 original</a>&nbsp;with Oscar winner Broderick Crawford. (Note: this movie also won Best Picture honors, and Mercedes McCambridge got the Supporting Actress award.)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.2) All the King's Men (Germany/USA-2006) - Sean Penn/Jude Law/Anthony Hopkins/Kate Winslet/Mark Ruffalo/Patricia Clarkson/James Gandolfini/Jackie Earle Haley/Kathy Baker/Frederic Forrest
1966 Founded in 1993, Chandler, AZ. based AFA ENTERTAINMENT wholesales and retails PD motion pictures in both full and widescreen formats. Cover  art is often repros of vintage movie posters. They also provide a transfer to DVD service for videotapes and 8mm home movies. Their film dubs offer no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Quality of these unrestored transfers is based on condition of source material, which can vary from very good to only fair.  . BLACK DRAGONS is Bela Lugosi's third MONOGRAM picture and one of the earliest films made post-Pearl Harbor and America's entry into WWII. Unfortunately, it came at a low-point in Lugosi's career. Hooked on the morphine used to treat an arthritic back, the stage and film star of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DRACULA/dp/B000035Z3K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DRACULA</a>&nbsp;was financially strapped and forced to accept any work available, including duds such as this.  SYNOPSIS: The silly tale of Nazi plastic surgeon Dr. Melcher/Monsieur Colomb (Lugosi). He's imprisoned in Japan after he operates on several spies and makes them look like specific American industrialists. That's the spoiler. Until the last reel we can't understand why wealthy Americans would throw in with the enemy.  A good cast wasted, especially the I. Jolley Head Dragon. Avoid!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (4.2) Black Dragons (1942) - Bela Lugosi/Joan Barclay/George Pembroke/Clayton Moore/Robert Frazer/Edward Pell Sr./I. Stanford Jolley
1967 Produced, written, directed by and starring Tommy Noonan (he appeared with Marilyn Monroe in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"), this was shot in b&w and includes a few inserted color scenes.  SYNOPSIS-- A retired stripper who shares a place with a narcissistic male model and another man with a drinking problem meets *THE* Tommy Noonan in an unemployment line. The three roommates need therapy but can't afford individual sessions, so they convince Tommy to learn all their symptoms and consult a shrink. The doc arranges a closed-circuit broadcast to fellow psychiatrists when he thinks Tommy has a multiple personality disorder, but the broadcast goes over the national airwaves, creating a sensation. .  Mamie Van Doren headlines in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/GIRLS-TOWN/dp/630272998X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">GIRLS TOWN</a>&nbsp;(1959) along with Mel Torm, Paul Anka and Dick 'Daddy-O" Contino. This 'C' grade teensploitation film is one of the very few Van Doren starring vehicles available. (VHS only) .  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (4.5) 3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt (1964) - Mamie Van Doren/Tommy Noonan/Ziva Rodann/Paul Gilbert/John Cronin/Howard Koch/Alvy Moore/Marjorie Bennett
1968 Caveat emptor with TRANS-ATLANTIC videotapes. They are far from studio quality and recorded at substandard speed.  . The original Japanese name of Toho Studios sci-fier, YOG, MONSTER FROM SPACE is "Gezora, Ganime, Kameba: Kessen! Nankai no daikaij."  Here, the monstrously tentacled Gezora is, like Godzilla and so many other creatures of this genre, just a guy inside a cheesy rubber suit. This one even has electric light eyeballs! Unfortunately, despite all efforts a walking octopus just looks darn silly!  SYNOPSIS-- Aliens invade a space probe, then crash it on a deserted atoll. Their plan is to infect small animals with bacteria that can quickly transform them into giant creatures which will... CONQUER THE EARTH!  . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb user poll rating.  (5.8) Yog: Monster from Space (Japan-1970) - Akira Kubo/Atsuko Takahashi/Yukiko Kobayashi/Kenji Sahara/Yoshio Tsuchiya/Yu Fujiki
1969 This indie production of Shakespeare's THE TEMPEST is a bit uneven, acting-wise.  While Efrem Zimbalist Jr. makes a fine Prospero, Ron Palillo as Trinculo is doing his Arnold Horshack "Welcome Back, Kotter" schtick. This edition, despite some performance and budget limitations, is true to the original and has the feel of an authentic 17th Century stageplay.  SYNOPSIS-- Prospero (the right Duke of Milan) and Miranda, his husband-hungry daughter are banished to a desolate island by Prospero's betraying brother Sebastian and the King of Naples. When a ship carrying his enemies comes near, Prospero casts a spell that creates a storm which wrecks the vessel, marooning all aboard on Prospero's prison island. One of these survivors, the King's son Ferdinand falls in love with Miranda, and she with him while Sebastian and the others wander dazedly around the island.  Related item-- The '79 British-made&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TEMPEST/dp/6305739862/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TEMPEST</a>&nbsp;is probably the best version available.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (5.6) The Tempest (1983) - Efrem Zimbalist Jr./J.E. Taylor/Nicholas Hammond/Duane Black/Ron Palillo/Kay E. Kuter/William Hootkins/Ted Sorel
1970 THE ROAR OF JEFFERSON AIRPLANE, despite all the corporate ballyhoo and hornblowing about RCA's 100th Anniversary collection, is no reason to stand up and shout. Besides, the FASTEN SEATBELTS sign is on. Clear the aisles, please.  With 23 minutes to spare, JA classics like "Wooden Ships," "White Rabbit," "Lather" and more could and should have been part of this compilation. We suggest you take a different flight, cuz this Airplane's only operating on three engines. (Includes a decent 8-page booklet.)  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 54:35
1971 Gray market discs such as this offer no commentary, deleted scenes or other bonus features. Dubs are "best available source" and can vary from very good to only fair.  Billed as sixth banana in BORN TO WIN is a very young Robert De Niro.  It's the grim story of a loser who has this phrase tattooed on his arm. Hip hairdresser-turned-junkie JJ (Segal) is a not-too-adept thief, nor is he very smart. While delivering a stash of 'H' for a local dealer nicknamed 'Geek' (Elizondo), JJ instead decides to steal it. Cops nab him with the goods and undercover narc Danny (De Niro) forces him to set up a 'buy' with Geek.  While arranging the sting, JJ asks Geek for some smack. He's given poison and shares it with a friend who dies after shooting up, a moment which exemplies JJ's life. Despite that tattoo, this is a guy who CAN'T win, can't break even, nor can he get out of the game.  A funky soundtrack, plus humorous touches like Miss Black's encounter with JJ as he's stealing her car, or Segal prancing around the streets in a pink peignor after being stripped of his double-knit polyester threads, are stark contrast to a very depressing movie. It's the sort of anti-hero tale they don't make anymore (for obvious reasons).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (5.8) Born to Win (1971) - George Segal/Karen Black/Paula Prentiss/Hector Elizondo/Robert De Niro/Sylvia Syms/Burt Young
1972 Highlight of the slight 3 NUTS IN SEARCH OF A BOLT is 50s sex kitten Mamie Van Doren's brief nude bathtub scene. Produced, written, directed by and starring Tommy Noonan (he appeared with Marilyn Monroe in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"), this was shot in b&w and includes a few inserted color scenes.  SYNOPSIS-- A retired stripper who shares a place with a narcissistic male model and another man with a drinking problem meets *THE* Tommy Noonan in an unemployment line. The three roommates need therapy but can't afford individual sessions, so they convince Tommy to learn all their symptoms and consult a shrink. The doc arranges a closed-circuit broadcast to fellow psychiatrists when he thinks Tommy has a multiple personality disorder, but the broadcast goes over the national airwaves, creating a sensation.  "3 Nuts" is also on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B000E117IO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>. Mamie Van Doren headlines in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/GIRLS-TOWN/dp/630272998X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">GIRLS TOWN</a>&nbsp;(1959) along with Mel Torm, Paul Anka and Dick 'Daddy-O" Contino. This 'C' grade teensploitation film is one of the very few Van Doren starring vehicles available. (VHS only)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.  (5.0) 3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt (1964) - Mamie Van Doren/Tommy Noonan/Ziva Rodann/Paul Gilbert/John Cronin/Howard Koch/Alvy Moore/Marjorie Bennett
1973 Niche market mfrs. such as TIMELESS MULTIMEDIA offer no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Dubs are "best available source" and can vary from very good to only fair.  The majority of MONOGRAM's two dozen Range Busters programmers were filmed at 'Crash' Corrigan's ranch. As with others of these western trio series, the Busters cast underwent changes over time, especially, in this case, because of WWII. One thing that was fairly constant: a primitive wooden dummy received billing.  In their 14th installment, BOOT HILL BANDITS, a wagon carrying mine payroll is exploded and Marshal Corrigan supposedly killed. A gang member find's Crash's badge and gives it to the boss, who hands it over to the sheriff, which exposes him as leader. As usual, Terhune does some comic relief ventriloquism with Elmer. A sub-par Range Busters programmer.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (4.9) Boot Hill Bandits (1942) - Ray 'Crash' Corrigan/John 'Dusty' King/Max Terhune/Elmer/Jean Brooks/John Merton/Glenn Strange/I. Stanford Jolley
1974 MUSIC FOR NON-THINKERS is my all-time favorite music parody LP.  The San Fran Bay Area's weirdest band of all is the Guckenheimers. Founded in 1949 by Richard Gump and friends, they mastered, then redefined the art of oompah music by playing slightly out of key, using irregular (some would say "lurching") rhythms and assaulting the ears with an infinite variety of wrong notes, squeaks, squeals, crashes and such. Here we are witness to the demolition of classics, venerable lieder (hosen) and JP Sousa. Our boys even wreck songs written especially for them.  Just look at these guys, will yah? WHAT a mess! "One picture," as they say.  This 1958 RCA black label LP, available in both mono and Living Stereo, includes the Sauer Krauts' bastidpiece, Liszt's 2nd Hungarian Rhapsody. It's the album opener, a song that hurtles an uninitiated listener into a realm he had no idea even existed. The often lightning fast clarinet solo in this becomes a disaster at Johann Sebastian Schmidtz III's incapable hands. (NOTE: Johann is the only member not pictured on the LP's cover. He was probably afraid to show his face.)  Thus we have within these 16 forgettable tracks the Golden Fleecing of polka music, and the Holey Pail of oompahpah. Proceed with caution, for you may never be the same... ever again! Very HIGHEST recommendation!!!  The G. Sauer Krauts are: Dr. Fritz Guckenheimer (train conductor); Ernst Schmidt (pukelhorn); Wolfgang Schwett (corny-et); Rudi Schmitt (horny); Otto Schmitts (clari-not); Heinrich Schwerdt (tuber); Hugo Schmid (symbol and base dumb); Ludwig Schmitz (tramboner) and the absinthe Johann.
1975 ONE KISS CAN LEAD TO ANOTHER * GIRL GROUP SOUNDS LOST & FOUND is truly one one the most unique box sets ever issued. It's also definitely not for everybody, not even all fans of late '50s - early '60s AM radio stuff.  DESIGN: Remarkable-- simply outstanding. A miniature heavy board glossy hatbox, complete with a sturdy pull string that holds the box lid in place-- inside are four CDs surrounded by gray foam. They're stored on plastic holders that are covered by hard-paper books. Each of these packages has silver paper inside the front cover, and the overall look is of four differently styled powder compacts. Also included is a luxurious 204-page book that sets the standard for all-time. The jewel case sized book, made from heavy stock semi-gloss paper is replete with studio and other photos, advertisement and 45 label repros, and some of the most detailed text ever.  CONTENT: This is where not all will be interested in this set. It's ideal for the obscurity collector, but not necessarily the TOP 40 fan-- there's only a sprinkling of commonly known tunes here. A lot of these tracks are unknown for a good reason-- some aren't even 'B' side quality. A good percentage of artists in this collection are as obscure as the songs they perform, and for the familiar groups or vocalists, many of their songs may not ring a bell either. This collection is called "LOST AND FOUND" for a good reason.  TOTAL RUNNING TIMES -- DISC ONE -- 77:34 DISC TWO --  76:19 DISC THREE -- 75:17 DISC FOUR -- 75:50
1976 In this disturbing story of a West Texas deputy sheriff's rapid descent into violent madness, Casey Affleck proves he's far a better actor than his brother.  THE KILLER INSIDE ME is a superior revenge-driven neo-noir which predictably isn't all that popular with moviegoers, and it probably shouldn't be. Yet, the craven brutality that makes it so difficult to sit through is also what makes this picture great. Those painful-to-watch, senseless beatings-to-death of the deputy's hooker friend and fiance are surely the closest we'll ever come to actually witnessing a homicidal sadist in action. Thus, the dilemma a viewer must confront going in is: do I want to expose myself to such depravity?  If you have a strong stomach do see this one, but try not be fooled by the ending!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (6.3) The Killer Inside Me (USA/Sweden/UK/Canada-2010) - Casey Affleck/Kate Hudson/Jessica Alba/Ned Beatty/Tom Bower/Bill Pullman/Brent Briscoe
1977 I bought this set and I love it! Excellent picture and sound quality here.  (Remember: it's 1980s full screen TV!)  Generally, each of these one-hour prime time specials is divided on episode menus thusly: Team 1 vs. Team 2 is one selection. Team 3 vs. Team 4 from the same hour is selection two. The winners of these two matches play a one-question game for the grand prize on selection three.  Twice there are only two days of a five daytime show battle between the same pair of teams and one time, there's three days. A Disc Four anomaly has a contest between Gilligan's Island and Hawaiian Eye. This is supposed to be followed by two matches with Batman. Perhaps some legal issue prevented BCI from using Batman and these segments were deleted AFTER box contents had been printed up.  It's speculative, OK?  If you liked Richard Dawson's FAMILY FEUD, you too will enjoy this collection!  FOR A COMPLETE LIST OF DVD CONTENTS THAT INCLUDES GUEST STARS IN EACH CHAPTER (1-12), SEE COMMENT #1, LOCATED BELOW THIS REVIEW.
1978 Written while he was in London appearing with Peter Sellers, Romy Schneider and Peter O'Toole in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/dp/B0007XBKP4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">WHAT'S NEW, PUSYCAT?</a>&nbsp;(France/UK-1965), Woody Allen's DON'T DRINK THE WATER had its Broadway premiere on 11/17/66. After a successful 598 performance run, it closed on 2/20/68. Opening night cast featured Lou Jacobi, Kay Medford and Anthony Holland. (Medford was later replaced by Peggy Cass.)  A so-so&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/1969-film-adaptation/dp/B00127RAHG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">1969 film adaptation</a>&nbsp;starred Jackie Gleason, Estelle Parsons and Ted Bessell.  This TV movie is marginally better, has a good music track but is thoroughly unfunny. Allen and Kavner endlessly annoy as whiny tourists trapped at the US embassy in Moscow. Bialik is plain-looking; not sure why Fox's character is attracted to her. For Woody completists only.  (Narrator Herlihy voiced movie newsreels for many years.)  . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.2) Don't Drink the Water (TV-1994) - Michael J. Fox/Woody Allen/Julie Kavner/Mayim Bialik/Edward Herrmann/Josef Sommer/Austin Pendleton/Dom DeLuise/Brian McConnachie/Ed Herlihy--narrator
1979 If you're looking for MONTY PYTHON LIVE! use caution before purchasing this item.  One seller fom this specific page just flat out cancelled my order. I wish the second had done the same, for all I ended up receiving was Disc Two, which is NOT the desired "live" show.  The second DVD in fact contains an hour of vintage Python TV show highlights introed by Steve Martin, plus Monty Python Fliegender Zirkus: German Episode #1, which redoes in German (with English subtitles) old sketches like the Lumberjack.  The two disc set of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MONTY-PYTHON-LIVE/dp/B00005O7NE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MONTY PYTHON LIVE</a>!<---is available here.
1980 THE PHANTOM PLANET is a cinematic lowlight of that vintage year of 1961. PP reeks of ineptitude, from a creaky script and crap acting to laughable factual and visual errors. Here, monkey wrench-armed men somehow walk on a spaceship's wing in zero-gravity outer space. This same craft lands belly-down despite a sideward rocket thrust. And no, you're not seeing things-- that man actually DID check the time on his 'phantom' wristwatch (it must be half-past arm hair).  SYNOPSIS--  While between suns this gadabout orb somehow maintains an atmosphere that supports Lilliputian-sized aliens, plus nasty monsters. When an extraterrestrial expedition vanishes, two men are sent to investigate. One of these astronauts ends up on the mysterious planet, where he meets little people (including mini-skirted beauties) and promptly shrinks to their size from breathing alien air (how convenient!). He helps his new tiny friends fight off the big boogers that are apparently immune to miniaturization. Or maybe the atmosphere transformed them into giants. Or maybe no one gives two whistles about who's big and who isn't.  One final bit of balderdash: once our hero's adventure is over he simply regrows to human-size. THE END. (Kindly deposit empty Jujube boxes in rubbish bins located near each EXIT.)  Cast includes once-great silent star Francis X. Bushman as leader of planet Rheton, and Richard Kiel (007's 'Jaws') wearing a cheap-o creature suit to play one of the enormous Solorites.
1981 THE COMMITTEE was a San Francisco-based improv comedy troupe founded in 1963 by veterans of Chicago's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SECOND-CITY/dp/B0015O97LI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SECOND CITY</a>. Most prominent of the original cast was Hamilton Camp. During their decade of existence in San Fran and L.A., members included Peter Bonerz, Leigh French, Del Close, Howard Hesseman, Mimi Faria, David Ogden Stiers, Rob Reiner and Carl Gottlieb.  The front and back of this 1973 LITTLE DAVID album (LD 1007) is a very 60s-ish collage which is reproduced on a 1224 insert. Cast of this live Committee Theater SF performance is not listed, nor are credits given on tracks. Most famous here is the title piece, a stinging transformation of war into a gridiron battle.  SIDE ONE [0:43] Ooga Booga [9:55] Clean-up [4:14] Computer Date [2:22] Talk [6:04] Wide Wide World of War  SIDE TWO [5:33] Grabass [1:50] The Passion of Little Eva [7:44] Credit Card [4:17] Crazed Cop [3:42] The Dean's Office  TOTAL TIME: 46:24
1982 This ABC VIDEO tape of Woody Allen's TAKE THE MONEY AND RUN (1969) seems suspect. Although the back cover says it's a licensed product, I can't imagine why FOX would allow a company to sell really BAD copies of any of their catalogue.  Further, ABC VIDEO is not affiliated with PARAMOUNT.  The tape tracks well and has good HiFi audio, but it's all downhill from there. Recorded at the slowest speed, it's got a blurry picture that over-saturates with color. Had I known ABC VIDEO meant: crapola, I wouldn't have bought this doorstop, and humbly suggest that you don't either. Go with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/1992-FOX-HOME-ENTERTAINMENT/dp/6302403405/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">1992 FOX HOME ENTERTAINMENT</a>&nbsp;version instead.
1983 From 1962, CHRISTMAS WITH THE EVERLY BROTHERS and the Boys Town Choir was issued by WARNER BROS. in mono (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/W-1483/dp/B0050AUFPU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">W 1483</a>) and stereo (WS 1483).  Note that this is not the "Everly Brothers sound" that powered so many hit singles. Rather, it's a more formal program with an at times overdominant backing chorus.  SIDE ONE Adeste Fideles Away in a Manger The First Nol God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen What Child is This? (Greensleeves) Silent Night  SIDE TWO Hark! The Herald Angels Sing Angels From the Realms of Glory Deck the Halls With Boughs of Holly Bring a Torch Jeannette, Isabella O Little Town of Bethlehem We Wiish You a Merry Christmas
1984 FORT COURAGEOUS is the type of movie that used to be offered as part of a 1960s double-feature, especially at drive in theaters.  SYNOPSIS-- Sgt. Lucas is a falsely-accused prisoner being escorted to the titled fort by Capt. Howard and his patrol. Along the way they're ambushed by Indians and the captain is badly injured. Lucas takes over command of the column. When they reach their destination it's discovered that the entire garrison was killed in battle, all except an elderly major who wants to retire from the cavalry. Capt. Howard dies of his wounds and the major leaves the fort under a white flag. He's quickly butchered. Again, Lucas assumes command, leading the small contingent of troops against overwhelming odds and one attack after another.  Also from the same year and with a similar cast is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CONVICT-STAGE/dp/B000NO1XKO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CONVICT STAGE</a>, which was undoubtedly the other half of that double-feature!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (5.4) Fort Courageous (1965) - Fred Beir/Don 'Red' Barry/Hanna Landy/Harry Lauter/Walter Reed/Joe Patridge/Michael Carr
1985 THE RISE AND FALL OF THE THIRD REICH (1968) was the first-ever TV mini-series, running 3 hours over three non-consecutive nights. Shortened by 1/3, it cuurently exists only as a theatrical release. Lost in the process are many interviews of partcipants, witnesses and victims of the 12 year horror that was Nazi Germany.  The book's author, William L. Shirer appears twice. Stock footage, particularly of Post-WWI Germany is of great interest. Excerpts of several Hitler speeches are seen and heard, but translations are few and subtitles non-existent. Clearly intentional, for this is no unbiased work. At times the outrage and seething hatred for Der Fuhrer is so obvious you can touch it. Narrative insults are employed (not that the bastid didn't deserve 'em!). In its present form,  "Rise and Fall" is a fast-moving story consisting primarily of contemporary war and other footage.  A David L. Wolper production for MGM, directed by Jack Kaufman, written by Alan Landsburg. Film score: Lalo Schifrin ("<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mission-Impossible/dp/B000HWZ4HU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mission Impossible</a>").
1986 It's really difficult to give a thorough review of Norm MacDonald's  slightly non-fictional "autobiography." At times the narrative is so absurd you can't help but laugh long and hard but at others he throws a lot of nonsense out for the sake of a twisted punchline. I didn't realize at first that this book is whole cloth invention, yet there's passages,  like the quietly crying girl on the elevator, that ring true.  Probably best to enter Norm's world expecting large dollops of droll irony, extreme fantasy and strained joke lines. Do not however expect to better know this fellow in any sense from this his initial foray into purveying weird literature.  I like "Based on a True Story" enough to give it a "good" rating, but not enough to urge celeb bio fans to read it.
1987 Manufacturer VINA DISTRIBUTORS is a Southern California-based outfit that specializes in Mexican cinema. They also have a catalog of public domain movies and TV shows. As with most purveyors of such unrestored material, transfer quality is dependent on source material. VINA is about average in this regard.  ALGIERS (1938) Stars Charles Boyer and Hedy Lamarr. Cast includes Sigrid Gurie, Joseph Calleia, Alan Hale and Gene Lockhart, with just a glimpse of Joan Woodbury.  When he decided to remake the French movie "P&eacute;p&eacute; le Moko," producer William Wanger tried but failed to have all existing copies of the original destroyed. MERRIE MELODIES fans surely recall the occasional Boyer (pronounced Boy-AY) imitation from this melodrama: "Come wit' me to zee Cazz-bahhhhhh.." etc. Warner's Gallic lover skunk Pepe le Pew was an homage (however redolent) to Mr. Boyer's le Moko.  "Algiers" is glamorous Hedy's first American film. She was considered for the female lead in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CASABLANCA/dp/6305736650/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CASABLANCA</a>&nbsp;(1942) because of her work here.  SYNOPSIS-- French jewel thief Pepe le Moko avoids prosecution back home by hiding out in the colorful native district of the Algierian capital. Even though locally famous, confinement to the Casbah doesn't suit Pepe. When stunningly beautiful Gaby arrives from France on the arm of a repulsive fat man, Pepe is instantly attracted to her. The feeling is mutual on Gaby's part. Their obsession with each other is complicated by Pepe's emotionally dependent girlfriend (Gurie) and by a savvy local gendarme (Calleia) intent on capturing the elusive Monsieur le Moko.
1988 THAT'S A PLENTY (BTS 6009) was the second LP for Anita, Bonnie, June and Ruth Pointer. It was released by BLUE THUMB Records in Feb. '74.  SIDE ONE Bangin' on the Pipes is a novelty barbershop quartet number that segues to the brassy Steam Heat. Brilliant speed-of-light vocals, &aacute; la Lambert, Hendricks & Ross, make Salt Peanuts a rare treat. Grinning in Your Face is a rock track complete with dobro. Shaky Flat Blues (my favorite Pointer Sisters recording) may be an homage to Hoagy Carmichael. It was written by Anita, Bonnie and June. That's a Plenty is a Dixieland novelty with bar room piano and oompahing tuba. Side-closer Surfeit U.S.A. is a rapidfire medley of familiar tunes where the girls scat and sing band instrument parts.  SIDE TWO Little Pony was written by Neal Hefti, Jon Hendricks and Dave Lambert, so naturally the sisters sound like L, H & R. Fairytale is another Pointer original, a country-flavored tune that became the album's single. Black Coffee is elegantly sad; an ultimate small-hours blues that closes with scat vocals. Love in Them There Hills is an energetic rocker stretched to epic length by a hypnotic refrain that eventually tails off one band member at a time, leaving just voices. A superb track!  SIDE ONE [5:39] Bangin' On the Pipes/Steam Heat [5:10] Salt Peanuts [4:49] Grinning in Your Face [4:41] Shaky Flat Blues [3:42] That's a Plenty/Surfeit, U.S.A.  SIDE TWO [4:43] Little Pony [5:04] Fairytale [6:07] Black Coffee [8:30] Love In Them There Hills  TOTAL TIME: 48:25
1989 In the true crime made-for-TV film RACE AGAINST TIME, a young woman disappears and her parents try to find her when the authorities fail to.  While car-jack victim Sarah (portrayed by French actress Ele Keats) is held against her will by a psychopath and his goons, the police botch search efforts. Sarah's parents, John and Natalie (Richard Crenna and Patty Duke) conduct their own investigation. This ends with John confronting the kidnapper at gunpoint.  A dramatic story is diffused and its fine cast handicapped by a clich&eacute;-ridden script.  Related item: Cheryl Ladd and daughter Jordan star in the true story TV film&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/EVERY-MOTHER-S-WORST-FEAR/dp/0783228953/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">EVERY MOTHER'S WORST FEAR</a>&nbsp;(1998). Here, mom comes to the rescue when her teen girl is kidnapped after she frequents the wrong internet chat.  (VHS only)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.  (5.8) Race Against Time: The Search for Sarah (TV-1996) - Patty Duke/Richard Crenna/Katy Boyer/Missy Crider/John Gries/Ele Keats
1990 In that curious amalgam of the swords & sandals and sci-fi genres, HERCULES AGAINST THE MOON MEN, nicely-oiled Maciste (Herc) goes up against an evil queen who has made a pact with a group of alien visitors from Earth's satellite. Samara actively sacrifices her own people to try and awaken a lunar goddess and thus become the most powerful woman who's ever lived.  One thing is certain about our hero, Alan Steel: he looks darn good in that topless miniskirt while defeating Samara and her extraterrestrial allies.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (2.1) Hercules Against the Moon Men (France/Italy-1964) - Sergio Ciani/Jany Clair/Anna Maria Polani/Nando Tamberlani/Jean-Pierre Honor  MOON MEN TRIVIANA--  After directing his 37th film, "Hercules Against the Moon Men," GIACOMO GENTILOMO quit the industry to devote himself to oil painting.  This is the fourth of seven outings for muscular SERGIO CIANI (aka Alan Steel) as the character variously known as Hercules, Maciste, Ercole or Samson.  French-born JANY CLAIR (Queen Samara) was a natural redhead. The last of her two dozen pictures played European theaters in 1965.  "Moon Men" is rated #96 in the 100 Worst Movies category at imdb.
1991 Nicholas Ray's epic 55 DAYS AT PEKING stars Charlton Heston, Ava Gardner, David Niven and May Robson.  A really interesting action story that occurs during the Boxer Rebellion of 1900, this is set mostly in a walled off part of Peking, China where people from a dozen Occidental nations (plus Japan) live. After diplomatic negotiations with their Chinese hosts fail, this area is attacked by overwhelming numbers of Boxer rebels who have tacit royal approval.  For some time prior, the Boxers had been killing white missionaries and any Chinese Christians. These acts of violence were the topic under discussion between emissaries of the several nations and the Chinese queen, who eventually informs them that all foreigners must leave China immediately. When her demand isn't met, the onslaught begins.  May Robson is great as the dowager queen, the last ruler of a long dynasty, and Ava Gardner is a Russian countess in love with American Marine major Heston who pays dearly for her efforts to help the hospitalzed victims of this "rebellion."  It's quite a show, and definitely recommended for all Chuck Heston fans.
1992 Gene Autry's RUDOLPH THE RED NOSED REINDEER & Other Christmas Favorites was issued on DESIGN (SDLP-X-5), GRAND PRIX (KSX-11) and HURRAH (H-X11) Records.  It also contains the seasonally popular "Here Comes Santa Claus."  SIDE ONE Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer Nine Little Reindeer Jingle Bells Here Comes Santa Claus Up on the House Top  SIDE TWO Sleigh Bells O Little Town of Bethlehem Silent Night Joy to the World We Wish You a Merry Christmas Away in a Manger What Child is This?
1993 DISC PLAZA ENTERTAINMENT is a dealer in public domain video material that's headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. Further info (address, phone, etc.) can be found via a search engine.  . Released deep into America's involvement in WWII, KID DYNAMITE doesn't miss an opportunity to make a pitch for military service.  Members of the East Side Kids comedy troupe were in the Broadway and movie versions of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DEAD-END/dp/B002CFO0HU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DEAD END</a>&nbsp;(1937). Some would continue into the 1950s for MONOGRAM and then ALLIED ARTISTS as the Bowery Boys.  In this episode, Leo Gorcey (as Muggs) is the East Side boxing champ who's scheduled to battle it out with the West Side's title holder. When Muggs is kidnapped, Danny Lyons (Bobby Jordan) substitutes for him. Danny wins the bout and Muggs is convinced his pal is the one who arranged the kidnapping.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.5) Kid Dynamite (1943) - Leo Gorcey/Huntz Hall/Boddy Jordan/Gabe Dell/Pamela Blake/'Sunshine Sammy' Morrison/Minerva Urecal/Dudley Dickerson
1994 THIS IS HOW WE STARTED features a dozen tracks recorded in Australia, before the BEE GEES hit big with "New York Mining Disaster 1941." This material is a bit undistinguished-- Spicks And Specks" may be the best known here. An album primarily for completists.  PLAYLIST -- (2:01) How Many Birds (2:05) Second Hand People (2:36) I Am The World (2:51) Spicks And Specks (2:09) You Wouldn't Know (1:57) Glass House (2:57) Monday's Rain (2:09) Could It Be I'm In Love With You (2:59) I Don't Think It's Funny (2:52) Playdown (2:21) Turn Around Look At Me TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 26:57
1995 DVD-R mfr. SYNERGY offers no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Dubs are "best available source" and can vary from very good to only fair.  This 1936 adaptation of Shakespeare's AS YOU LIKE IT has long been in the public domain. No tape or DVD of it to my knowledge has good picture or sound quality, a condition that compound's the film's several shortcomings. Continuity suffers greatly, as whole sections of the original play have been deleted (about a third in total). Individual speeches are truncated or simply missing. Miking and acoustics are poor.  Star Elisabeth Bergner dons male garb as Rosalind but wears full female makeup. Although the story's set in France, she delivers her lines with a distinct German accent. Mackenzie Ward's mugging as Touchstone (the fool) gets tedious. Laurence Olivier is unconvincing in a wrestling scene in his first of several screen versions of Elizabethan plays. He (and many critics) considered the picture a failure.  I've seen this one a handful of times and have never warmed to it. That doesn't mean I prefer director&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kenneth-Branaugh-s-2006-version/dp/B000SM6FKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kenneth Branaugh's 2006 version</a>&nbsp;which is set in 19th Century Japan. The definitive cinematic "As You Like It" has yet to be made.  Recommended only for Shakespeare completists.
1996 CONTENTS of INVINCIBLE WARRIORS 4 Movie Pack:  RAGE OF THE MASTER-- A commissioner ordered to capture a bandit mistakenly arrests another commissioner who then escapes while a Kung Fu master attempts to steal his horse.  RETURN OF THE TIGER-- Two Kung Fu masters battle a syndicate intent on controlling the drug flow for all of Southeast Asia.  SNAKE AND CRANE SECRET-- A family's honor is at stake and their sacred Kung Fu book is in danger of being taken from them by the man who killed their patriarch two decades earlier.  SCREAMING TIGER-- Chinese Kung Fu expert goes to Japan to seek vengeance for the massacre of his small village. One of the earliest films to compare Japanese and Chinese martial arts techniques.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-KUNG-FU-CONNECTION-4-Movie-Pack/dp/B00008H2EV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE KUNG FU CONNECTION 4 Movie Pack</a>&nbsp;(also from BCI / Eclipse) is a similarly themed collection.  BRENTWOOD's 4-fers are nicely priced movie bundles. Video and sound quality of these digitally unrestored public domain films is generally fine. Discs are dual-side recorded.  . Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 viewer poll ratings found at a film resource website.  (3.4) Rage of the Master (Hong Kong-1975) - Ming-tsai Wu/Tiger Yang  (5.9) Return of the Tiger (Hong Kong-1979) - Bruce Li/Paul L. Smith/Yi Chang/Angela Mao/Fei Lung  (5.3) Screaming Tiger (Hong Kong-1973) - Ching Ching Chang/Fei Lung/Ping Lu/Lan Chi/Chi Ma  (5.6) Snake and Crane Secret (Hong Kong-1976) - Fei Meng/Tao-liang Tan/Dean Shek/Fang Fang
1997 THE SID CAESAR COLLECTION is a series of DVDs and videotapes issued in 2001.  Transfers of the six sketches featured on "The Professor & Other Clowns" are remarkably clean. Although dubbed from antique kinescopes, there's no flicker here of picture tube raster, no film breaks or scratch lines. Surely this all was achieved with digital restoration.  Commentary from Sid, Carl, Howie and Nan, plus Woody Allen, Mel Brooks, Neil Simon and Larry Gelbart.  In "Small Apartment," Nan and Sid invite two couples for dinner at their impossibly cramped NYC flat. "Professor on Magic" features real legerdemain, plus a giant uncooperative disappearing cabinet. "Newspaper Movie" should star Bogey. "1812 Overture" has Imogene and Sid as competitive percussionists. Sid's a schlamazel stuck at a corner table by the kitchen door in "20 Minutes for Lunch." In the operatic finale "Gallipoli," Sid improvises when the point breaks off of a make-up pencil he's supposed to use for drawing a teardrop on his cheek.  PROGRAM--: (CH=Caesar's Hour / YSOS=Your Show of Shows)  Small Apartment (CH, 9/5/55) - Sid, Nanette Fabray, Howard Morris The Professor on Magic (YSOS, 9/29/51) - Sid, Carl Reiner Newspaper Movie (YSOS, 11/22/52) - Sid, Imogene Coca, Carl Reiner, Howard Morris The Pantomime to the 1812 Overture (YSOS, 1/17/53) - Sid, Imogene Coca 20 Minutes for Lunch (YSOS, 4/10/54) - Sid, Howard Morris Gallipacci (CH, 10/10/55) - Sid, Nanette Fabray and cast  TOTAL TIME: 77:15
1998 This album presents the potential purchaser with an imaginary line. Whether or not you should buy ANTHOLOGY really depends upon which side of that line you're on. For completists, LENNON * ANTHOLOGY is a godsend or revelation; for the casual fan, this collection is a jumbled rough-cut head-scratcher. If you don't own all of John's solo albums, you probably won't want this one.  More so than the BEATLES ANTHOLOGY series, this set is replete with fragments, false starts, incomplete demos, slight or off-key vocals and silly chatter. If John was still alive, he never would have released most of this stuff, and with good reason. There's something to be said for specifically detailed Last Wills.  TOTAL RUNNING TIMES -- DISC ONE (Astor) -- 65:41 DISC TWO (New York City) -- 65:01 DISC THREE (The Lost Weekend) -- 63:25 DISC 4 (Dakota) -- 72:52
1999 "HISTORY'S MYSTERIES: The True Story of William Wallace" makes note of what students of 13th and 14th Century Scottish  history are well aware of: Mel Gibson's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BRAVEHEART/dp/B000W8OM5Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BRAVEHEART</a>&nbsp;(1995), scripted by a man who believes himself a descendant, is a mostly-fictional account of Wallace's life. Battles depicted in the film also contain many inaccuracies.  Little is known of Sir William, not his face, whether he had a wife, or his specific lineage beyond a letter seal inscribed "son of Alan." This one-hour program steadfastly refuses to fill in the many gaps with invention, and admirably so. What has filtered down through the centuries are a small number of British accounts of questionable bias, and Scottish minstrel Blind Harry's laudatory saga written 150 years after Wallace's death.  Battles where specifics are known get coverage. Wallace's betrayal by a colleague, his arrest, show trial, brutal torture and execution are detailed. Instead of ending the Scots' uprising against England, Wallace's public killing made him a martyr for Scottish freedom, a cause that was fulfilled by Robert the Bruce.  In the telling we see the Scottish Royal throne, Sir William's 5 foot 7 inch broadsword and places scattered far and wide where he set foot. Wallace's graffitoed monument is pictured. Of most importance is a post-WWII renewal of interest in this hero that culminated in the reconvening of a Scottish Parliament, a body that was by decree disbanded in the early 1700s.  "The True Story of William Wallace" is a most interesting program. Highly recommended.
2000 THE BEST OF AL JOLSON (DXA-169) is a DECCA two-LP set, catalog #s DL-9100/01. Available in mono or simulated stereo, this includes clean dubs from Kraft Music Hall radio shows.  SIDE ONE Swanee You Made Me Love You (I Didn't Want To Do It) When the Red, Red Robin Comes Bob, Bob Bobbin' Along MEDLEY: I'm Looking Over a Four Leaf Clover / Baby Face Sonny Boy There's a Rainbow 'Round My Shoulder Avalon  SIDE TWO Toot, Toot Tootsie (Goo'Bye) April Showers Rockabye Your Baby With a Dixie Melody MEDLEY: Ma (She's Makin' Eyes at Me) / Dinah Liza (All the Clouds 'll Roll Away) Carolina in the Morning I Wish I Had a Girl  SIDE THREE California, Here I Come Ma Blushin' Rosie (Ma Posie Sweet) MEDLEY: My Meloncholy Baby / My Blue Heaven My Mammy Margie Let Me Sing and I'm Happy When You Were Sweet Sixteen  SIDE FOUR Anniversary Song If I Only Had a Match Easter Parade About a Quarter to Nine Ol' Man River She's a Latin From Manhattan I'm Always Chasing Rainbows
2001 My experience with minor brand DVD companies (such as this unnamed plain box one) has been satisfactory, as I'm not interested in commentary, deleted scenes or other bonus features, that is, stuff these discs don't offer. Transfers are "best available source" and quality can vary from very good to only fair.  . The original name of British drawing room comedy IF I WERE RICH is "Cash." Produced by Alexander Korda and directed by his brother Zoltan, it was also known in the U.S. as "For Love or Money."  In this quickly paced programmer, Paul Martin (Donat), an electric company man has come to shut off the power at the home of the formerly rich Edmund Gilbert (Gwenn). While in the basement, Paul discovers a fortune in cash stashed in his toolbox, which he believes was placed there by an escaped convict while the two men rode the subway. Paul calls the police.  Meanwhile, the old gent, who's trying to convince a group of investors to go into business with him, introduces Paul as his partner and shows the money as proof, which makes the visitors anxious to close the deal. In a bit of bad timing, the police arrive so Paul hides the money in an old newspaper that gets mistakenly tossed into the incinerator!  Parenthetical number precedng title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.0) If I Were Rich ("Cash") (UK-1934) - Edmund Gwenn/Wendy Barrie/Robert Donat/Morris Harvey/Lawrence Grossmith/Clifford Heatherley/Hugh E. Wright/Anthony Holles
2002 In Josh White's initial recording career, he waxed gospel songs under his own name, and recorded sexually suggestive material as "Pinewood Tom." Both personas are represented on JOSH WHITE * BLUES SINGER 1932-1936. White was only 18-years old when the earliest sessions here were held, yet he already had solid skills, a mature delivery and plenty of confidence in his abilities. These Jim Crow-era "race records" were aimed exclusively at black consumers. A decade later, White redefined himself as a folksinger, and performed for primarily white audiences.  Heavy electronic processing, necessary to mask record surface imperfections, proves inadequate on a few of these tracks-- some crackle and swish is still audible. At times this filtering's inevitable loss of frequencies interferes with the listening experience to the point of annoyance.  A nicely illustrated 16-page booklet offers session details, a bio, song commentary, photos and reproductions of such oddities as an early advertisement for "JOSHUA WHITE - The Singing Christian." The ad states that White's PERFECT brand 78s were 25 each. Any still-playable copies of these records are undoubtedly worth considerably more now. (3 stars)  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 61:25
2003 The users of a web-based film reference site have rated all twenty of the movies contained on APOCALYPSE 20 MOVIE PACK. The mean average of these votes is: 4.0.  Score doesn't take into consideration condition of source material or transfer quality.  Alphabetized list, including years of release, country, main actor and rating:  (5.0) (Alien) Contamination 1982 - Ian McCulloch (2.5) Alien Species 1996 - Charles Napier (3.6) Battle Of The Worlds (Italy) 1963 - Claude Rains (3.0) Cosmos: War Of The Planets (Italy) 1979 - John Richardson (6.3) Counterblast 1948 - Robert Beatty (4.4) The Day The Sky Exploded (Italy) 1958 - Paul Hubschmid (3.8) The Doomsday Machine 1972 - Grant Williams (2.7) End Of The World 1977 - Christopher Lee (3.7) Evil Brain from Outer Space (Japan) 1964 - Ken Utsui (7.0) The Last Man On Earth 1964 (Italy) - Vincent Price (3.8) Planet Outlaws ("Buck Rogers") 1953 - Buster Crabbe (5.6) Purple Death From Outer Space ("Buck Rogers") 1966 - Buster Crabbe (3.1) Rocky Jones, Space Ranger: Menace From Outer Space 1956 - Richard Crane (3.5) Star Odyssey (Italy) 1979 (2.1) Invasion From Inner Earth (aka "They") 1974 (6.0) This Is Not A Test 1964 - Seamon Glass (3.9) Unknown World 1951 - Bruce Kellogg (2.5) War Of the Robots (Italy) 1978 (4.2) Warning From Space (Japan) 1956 (4.1) Warriors Of The Wasteland (Italy) 1982 - Fred Williamson  ("Purple Death From Outer Space" is an edited-for-TV version of a 1940 Flash Gordon serial, "Flash Gordon Conquers The Universe.")  (The "Rocky Jones" feature was edited from two 1954 TV episodes.)
2004 Mono only GOLDEN GOODIES Vol. 2 (R-25207) is the second of nineteen various artists collections issued by ROULETTE Records in 1963-'64. From 7/63, this LP peaked at #89 on Billboard's 200 chart.  Includes release dates, plus highest Billboard  Hot 100 and R&B chart positions (where applicable).  SIDE ONE [2:16] Why Do Fools Fall In Love? - Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers (2/56 - #6; #1) [2:18] Look in My Eyes - The Chantels (8/61 - #14; #6) [2:10] Charlie Brown - The Coasters (2/59 - #2; #2) [1:51] Crying in the Chapel - Sonny Til & the Orioles (8/53 - #11; #1) [2:38] Priscilla - Eddie Cooley & the Dimples (10/56 - #20; n/a) [2:16] Tears on My Pillow - Little Anthony & the Imperials (8/58 - #4; #2)  SIDE TWO [3:14] I Only Have Eyes For You - The Flamingos (6/59 - #11; #3) [2:33] (I Love You) For Sentimental Reasons - The Cleftones (9/61 - #60; n/a) [3:10] Little Girl of Mine - The Cleftones (5/59 - #57; #8) [2:14] Gee - The Crows (4/54 - #14; #2) [2:25] A Thousand Miles Away -The Heartbeats (12/58 - #53; #5) [2:29] Chapel of Dreams - The Dubs (8/59 - #74; n/a)  TOTAL TIME: 29:34
2005 Twenty years ago TDK normal bias were my go-to audio tape. Recently I've had a need to master individual 78s onto tape for later burning to CD. It was a great relief to find that TDK is still available and still of the fine quality I remember from decades ago.
2006 Stephen King's "11/22/63" is the longest fictional work I've ever read. Perhaps it could've been shortened by half, certainly there's parts I wouldn't miss if they hadn't been included, but I'm no expert on plot structuring so I'll not suggest even one cut. The novel is a fast read in spite of its size and in places becomes so compelling you stay with it long past the time you'd planned to spend reading. As entertainment it's a safe bet. Be advised though that there's plenty of crude language and TMI stuff here, such as vivid descriptions of what a flu-like virus does to the narrator.  SPOILER ALERT My biggest complaint is with the climactic scene on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. Based on the physical layout of Lee Oswald's sniper's nest, this entire scenario could never happen. Yes it's dramatic and masterfully written but the total impossibility of even seeing Oswald from across the room, plus the impact of an immediate response that originates at street level, go way beyond artistic license and into the realm of wishful thinking.  Because of that ill-thought out denouement I was left disappointed, especially after reading almost 750 pages to get there.
2007 SYNERGY Entertainment is a NYC based DVD-R manufacturer. Their "Archive Series" videos offer no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Dubs are "best available source" and can vary from very good to only fair. .  HIS DOUBLE LIFE is based on the Arnold Bennett play, "Buried Alive." It's the story of Priam Farrel, a reclusive artist who assumes the identity of his deceased valet rather than travel from America to Britain to accept a knightship. When he meets his alias's penpal girlfriend, Farrel falls in love and wants to marry her. That's when the dead valet's family arrives unexpectedly....  This is one of only two talkies Lillian Gish appeared in during the 1930s. When "His Double Life" was remade in 1943 as "Holy Matrimony," this version was taken out of circulation. .  Lillian Gish also co-starred in D.W. Griffith's 1915 epic&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-BIRTH-OF-A-NATION/dp/B0007TFIFG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE BIRTH OF A NATION</a>. .  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.5) His Double Life (1933) - Roland Young/Lillian Gish/Montagu Love/Lumsden Hare/Lucy Beaumont
2008 Of course the size of these OPTIMA Platinum Collection bath towels is ideal for us larger gals. I actually now have a towel that can be wrapped around my generous frame and firmly tucked in place.  My three star rating is for other reasons.   1.) Out of the plastic bag they reek of some unidentifiable chemical.   2.) Although pleasantly soft, I find them not as absorbent as scratchy, cheaper-made towels. You've really got to work to dry off with these.  So would I buy them? Not for the asking price.  This said, and being of a frugal nature, I like the idea that these towels are created from cotton scraps used in the manufacture of other items, material that would otherwise be consigned to an incinerator, or maybe used as stuffing in plush toy dolls.
2009 First a word about 'niche market' DVDs: Often, transfers are not of the highest quality. The movies themselves are unrestored and rarely pristine (but still watchable), extras are non-existent and inclusion of artwork or liner notes varies by manufacturer. These companies can however provide a valuable outlet for product unavailable elsewhere.  . In 1914, L. Frank Baum, author of 15 "Wizard of Oz" books, started his own film company. Baum scripted and oversaw production on all the Oz movies. Life-size puppets were used for some characters, while actors often portrayed various roles from film to film. Although primitive-looking to modern eyes, this nearly 100 year old film is really how the author wanted his classic children's books to appear on theater screens.  SYNOPSIS for "His Majesty, Scarecrow of Oz": Princess Gloria is the hypotenuse of a love triangle. She's in love with a gardener's son, while evil King Crewl has his sights set on her.  RECOMMENDED: This title plus three other silent Oz photoplays are available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-WIZARD-OF-OZ-COLLECTION-4-MOVIE-PACK/dp/B0009XT8ME/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE WIZARD OF OZ COLLECTION 4 MOVIE PACK</a>, from ALPHA VIDEO.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (5.5) His Majesty, The Scarecrow Of Oz ("The New Wizard of Oz") (silent-1914) - Violet MacMillan/Frank Moore/Pierre Couderc/Fred Woodward/Raymond Russell
2010 THE MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY is adapted from an 1863 Edward Everett Hale short story.  In it, Army lieutenant Philip Nolan (Herbert) is tried in 1807 as part of a treason conspiracy (the Aaron Burr scandal). His fate is sealed in court when an angry Nolan curses the USA, saying he hopes to never hear of the country again. Once a conviction is obtained, the trial judge acts on Nolan's ill-advised outburst and orders that he be held in the brigs of various Navy warships, a disenfranchised man with no place to call home and no knowledge of the land of his birth.  "Man Without a Country" has been remade three times since 1917, including as a 1937 Oscar-nominated Technicolor WARNER BROS. short starring John Litel. This 1917 edition was produced by pioneer THANHOUSER FILM CORPORATION of Portland, OR. MARENGO's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THANHOUSER-COLLECTION/dp/B00006LPF2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THANHOUSER COLLECTION</a>&nbsp;contains a half-dozen of their extremely rare short films.  JEF FILMS/TELEVISTA is an indie distributor of hard to find vintage silent and sound films, British comedies and more.  Their product is usually of good quality, despite some film sources being 80 or more years old.  Also from JEF: <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BURN-EM-UP-BARNES/dp/B0011U527E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BURN 'EM UP BARNES</a>&nbsp;(1921) is an early action flick about a young race car driver who also speeds recklessly on public streets.  The Man Without a Country (silent-1917) - Holmes Herbert/Florence La Badie/J.H. Gilmour/Ernst Howard/Carey L. Hastings/Charles Dunan/Wilbert Shields/George Marlo
2011 Just finished watching the last film on the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CHARLES-BRONSON-5-MOVIE-GIFT-BOX-SET/dp/B00598O9Q4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CHARLES BRONSON 5 MOVIE GIFT BOX SET</a>.  Was concerned when I saw that this collection was produced by TGG Direct, for their boxes of public domain films are pretty shabby picture and soundwise. But I'm pleased to report that transfers here are widescreen, clean-looking and near-studio quality.  As for the contents... DEATH WISH 3 is almost laughable. Bronson takes on an army of about 200 slum creeps and comes away without a scratch, while in video game fashion he greases countless dozens of them.  If not for an over-the-top last scene, 10 TO MIDNIGHT would be darn good.  DEATH WISH 4 is competent, even if it does rehash plot points of previous editions.  THE MECHANIC is the best here. Good twist at the end.  DEATH WISH II... fine stuff.
2012 Original pressings of THE STORY OF BONNIE & CLYDE (CS 9649) are on COLUMBIA's red <--360 SOUND--> label. This album was not released in mono.  The most famous track, "Foggy Mountain Breakdown" was written by Earl Scruggs in the late 1940's and first recorded by him with Lester Flatt and the Foggy Mountain Boys in '49. Uniquely, the earlier MERCURY Records version and the COLUMBIA one simultaneously made the national charts late in 1967. Both peaked at #55 on BILLBOARD's Hot 100 and #58 on their Country chart. .  **Accompanying Flatt on vocals are Earl's then 14-year-old son Gary, also "Cousin Jake" Tullock and Paul Warren, members of the bluegrass group that Lester founded in 1948, the Foggy Mountain Boys.  Most songs were written by Tom T. Hall. His "Harper Valley P.T.A." was a Hot 100 and C&W No. 1 for Jeannie C. Riley the same year this LP was released. Earl's other son, Randy is credited with three here, plus he co-wrote "Reunion" with Flatt & Scruggs.  SIDE ONE [2:48] The Story of Bonnie and Clyde ** [2:02] Foggy Mountain Breakdown [2:03] Another Ride With Clyde ** [1:56] Reunion [2:52] A Picture of Bonnie ** [1:47] Get-Away  SIDE TWO [2:24] The Barrow Gang Will Get You Little Man ** [1:53] The Chase [2:54] See Bonnie Die, See Clyde Die (See Bonnie and Clyde Die) ** [1:44] Highway's End [2:24] Bang, You're Alive **  TOTAL TIME: 24:47
2013 Like the other releases in JCI's 1985 "Baby Boomer Classics" series, MORE ROCKIN' SIXTIES (JCI 3111) has no liner notes, track data or running times. All are original artists and recordings. It's debatable whether some of these are at all "rockin'."  (Includes release dates, plus highest Billboard Hot 100 and UK chart positions.)  SIDE ONE Wild Thing - The Troggs (5/66 - #1; #2) You Really Got Me - The Kinks (8/64 - #7; #1) For Your Love - The Yardbirds (3/65 - #6; #3) Love Potion No. 9 - The Searchers (11/64 - #3; n/a) Cry Like a Baby - The Box Tops (3/68 - #2; #15)  SIDE TWO She'd Rather Be With Me - The Turtles (5/67 - #3; #4) Eli's Coming - Three Dog Night (10/69 - #10; n/a) Baby It's You - Smith (9/69 - #5; n/a) With A Little Help From My Friends - Joe Cocker (10/68 - #68; #1) You've Made Me So Very Happy  - Blood, Sweat & Tears (3/69 - #2; #35)
2014 REHEARSAL FOR MURDER is an excellent TV movie, one in which the central character, a famous playwright (Preston) whose leading lady fianc&eacute;e (Redgrave) died a year earlier, resurfaces after months of exile. He invites actors and others involved in his ill-fated last production to meet him at the same theater where Redgrave's debut night later proved to be her final evening on Earth.  Preston is convinced that Redgrave's death wasn't a suicide and that one of these people is the killer. He's written scenarios for each to perform while the others observe. This teleplay could easily be a real stage show-- it's that good! Highest recommendation.  . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.9) Rehearsal For Murder (TV-1982) - Robert Preston/Lynn Redgrave/Patrick Macnee/Lawrence Pressman/William Russ/Madolyn Smith Osborne/Jeff Goldblum/William Daniels
2015 We have here a privately-manufactured DVD. My experience with such outfits has been satisfactory, as I'm not interested in commentary, deleted scenes or other bonus features, that is, stuff these discs don't offer. Transfers are "best available source" and quality can vary from very good to only fair.  . Adapted from the Zane Grey novel and directed by Charles Barton (he later worked extensively with Abbott & Costello), THE FIGHTING WESTERNER (aka "Rocky Mountain Mystery") is a low-budget PARAMOUNT programmer that effectively combines the western and who-dun-it genres and offers a few casting surprises, namely Ann Sheriden and Randolph Scott at the beginning of their careers. Also appearing is 19th Century stage actress Mrs. Leslie Carter as the family matriarch.  THE STORY-- A mining engineer (Scott) investigating the mysterious disappearance of his brother-in-law joins forces with a crusty deputy sheriff (Sale) who is himself looking into the murder of a mine owner. When two more people die, all the suspects have alibis.  . Also recommended: In 1936, Randy Scott starred as "Hawkeye" in an excellent version of J.F. Cooper's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-LAST-OF-THE-MOHICANS/dp/6302645395/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS</a>.  (VHS only) .  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.0) Rocky Mountain Mystery (1935) - Charles 'Chic' Sale/Mrs. Leslie Carter/Kathleen Burke/Ann Sheriden/George F. Marion/James Eagles/Howard Wilson/Willie Fung/Florence Roberts/Randolph Scott
2016 RHINO records THE MONKEES GREATEST HITS is a puzzling collection of 20 songs. The album is loaded with non-hit B-sides and filler like "The Girl I Knew Somewhere," "Randy Scouse Git," "Mary Mary," "It's Nice To Be With You," "Goin' Down," and "Listen To The Band." There's also soundtrack material here ("Porpoise Song") as well as post-Monkees tracks, like "That Was Then, This Is Now" and "Heart And Soul." NONE of these nine tunes ever got exposure on American Top 40 radio. So half of this "Greatest Hits" is what? SHOULDA BEEN and NEVER COULDA BEEN Greatest Hits, perhaps.  Although the rare "D.W. Washburn" is included, a legitimate single that was heard quite a bit in 1968 ("Tapioca Tundra") is conspicuously absent. There's no logic to this song assembly. The 16 page liner note booklet is quite thorough and nicely done-- it has some great photos, recording date info as well as history for each song. It is in these details that we discover "Randy Scouse Git" got airplay in Britain, and "Mary Mary" was popular in Australia. Ah... "Greatest INTERNATIONAL Hits," then.  The four-star rating in spite of criticisms is because this reviewer been a fan since Day One, and definitely will remain so. The Monkees were always fun, both on TV and the radio, and not even an ill-conceived "Hits" package can ruin that.  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 59:01
2017 GLENN MILLER * THE BEST OF THE LOST RECORDINGS AND THE SECRET BROADCASTS has the finest sound quality of any 1940s performances that you will ever encounter. Surface noise and distortion seem non-existent on these sides-- subtle tonal shading on muted trumpets and the snarl of vibrant high-hats will delight you. Crisp, pounding brass is everywhere, delicate strings as well as all background instruments can clearly be heard.  Fourteen pages of extensive liner notes, band personnel and photos are provided. Many of Miller's biggest hits are here: "In The Mood," "Moonlight Serenade," "Little Brown Jug," "A String Of Pearls," "Tuxedo Junction" and "American Patrol." There's even a cover of a song from the brand new hit Broadway musical, "Oklahoma."  Get ready to enjoy Captain Glenn Miller and his two superbly swinging military big bands as you have never experienced them before. Highest recommendation.  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 68:03
2018 What are called Mozart's Horn Concertos are for the most part fragments cobbled together decades after his death. Some movements are entirely missing due to World War 2 firebombings. It's known that Mozart wrote sections of these works years apart. Various revisions by him and others, including his son, Karl, further obfuscate matters. All these concerti were undertaken for the benefit of Salzburg friend and horn player, Joseph Leitgeb.  Often, strings and horn play the main theme in unison, at times counterpoint and invention seem limited, while the use of end-phrase trills gets a bit overabundant in places. Clearly not Amadeus' best work. The allegro from concerto #4 is probably the most familiar music here. Barry Tuckwell and the English Chamber Orchestra do as best they can with the material at hand. Tuckwell's horn on his first ever digital recordings of the MOZART HORN CONCERTOS is appropriately in the forefront. Liner notes are in English, French and German.  TOTAL TIME -- 52:07
2019 NOTE that "Digitally Rematered" only means that the video has been converted from analog.  We have here a privately-manufactured DVD. My experience with barebones DVD-Rs has been satisfactory, as I'm not interested in commentary, deleted scenes or other bonus features, that is, stuff these discs don't offer. Transfers are "best available source" and quality can vary from very good to only fair.  . THE GREAT ST. LOUIS BANK ROBBERY is easily one of my favorite public domain films. It's a noirish 'B' unit semi-documentary headlined by an up-and-comer who already had star power.  Young Steve McQueen is featured in this taut little true story of a heist gone terribly wrong. Shot on-location where these events actually unfolded, a mostly unknown cast includes non-actors: bank personnel, citizens and law enforcement responders who were involved on the day this hold-up occurred. The first hour of the story includes (sometimes unnecessary) character development, the balance is the actual crime.  McQueen portrays an expelled college athlete who throws in as wheel man for three ex-cons planning a bank caper. Events however propel him inside Southwest Bank, as what should've been a fairly simple robbery becomes a frightening siege. Recommended for all classic era crime movie fans.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.0) The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery (1959) - Steve McQueen/Crahan Denton/David Clarke/James Dukas/Mary McCarthy/Martha Gable/Larry Gerst
2020 Not only is LEISURE ENTERTAINMENT's edition of CHILLER a poor transfer, the running time has been trimmed from its original 105 minutes to 90 (this actually may be a GOOD thing!)  After an endlessly extended revival sequence in Wes Craven's 1985 TV movie, the dead man doesn't awake until 25 minutes into the story (an even longer wait if TV ads are factored in). During a board meeting, one actress clearly has more smudged mascara on her right eye, but exiting the room she appears to be wearing none at all. Only one of several continuity goofs in this tedious clunker.  The first victim of reanimated company CEO Miles is an older exec whose position is eliminated during that meeting, but the fellow croaks from nothing more nefarious than a staircase ascent and his bad heart.  Later, Miles huddles by a roaring fire in an overheated room, unable to warm himself. The point being he was defrosted not only sans a soul but with ice cold blood in his veins, literally and figuratively. By this film's halfway point it's blatantly apparent that more than Miles' soul has gone AWOL: so has the viewer's interest in watching the rest of this tripe.  Paul Sorvino as the priest is wasted, but so is your time if you stay tuned until the end. "Chiller" is ultimately an unmitigated disappointment for Wes Craven fans.
2021 CORONET RECORDS was a NYC-based subsidiary of the Premier company. Their heavy vinyl discs had excellent full-range sound but were often marred by occasional miniscule surface bumps. As with many of these budget outfits, it's difficult to determine release dates and session musicians. Their album THE INK SPOTS (CX-101) has the typical black with silver print CORONET label.  It's been said the the Ink Spots were a precursor to r&b and rock 'n' roll. More precisely, remove their idiosyncratic guitar riff intro and "Honey Chile" bass singer narration, and what's left is rudimentary doowop: a tenor lead over quietly droning vocal chords.  Beginning in 1944 with the death of bass vocalist Hoppy Jones, this quartet's line-up was in a constant state of flux. During the 1950s and '60s there were more than one group calling themselves the Ink Spots. All were competent, all most enjoyable. This small collection is by one of those reconstituted outfits.  SIDE ONE [3:21] If I Didn't Care [3:12] Shine on Harvest Moon [3:00] Into Each Life Some Rain Must Fall [3:12] Maybe [3:18] I Love You Truly  SIDE TWO [2:59] It's a Sin to Tell a Lie [2:00] The Java Jive [4:35] It Had to Be You [2:28] The Gypsy [3:08] We'll Meet Again  TOTAL TIME: 31:13
2022 Incorporated in 2004, QUALITY INFORMATION PUBLISHERS is an indie outfit based in Asheville, NC that sells dubs of public domain pictures but also specializes in rare and obscure movies and educational materials. They have an extensive online catalog, and a website that includes an 800 number and gmail addy. .  Released deep into America's involvement in WWII, KID DYNAMITE doesn't miss an opportunity to make a pitch for military service.  Members of the East Side Kids comedy troupe were in the Broadway and movie versions of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DEAD-END/dp/B002CFO0HU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DEAD END</a>&nbsp;(1937). Some would continue into the 1950s for MONOGRAM and then ALLIED ARTISTS as the Bowery Boys.  In this episode, Leo Gorcey (as Muggs) is the East Side boxing champ who's scheduled to battle it out with the West Side's title holder. When Muggs is kidnapped, Danny Lyons (Bobby Jordan) substitutes for him. Danny wins the bout and Muggs is convinced his pal is the one who arranged the kidnapping.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.6) Kid Dynamite (1943) - Leo Gorcey/Huntz Hall/Boddy Jordan/Gabe Dell/Pamela Blake/'Sunshine Sammy' Morrison/Minerva Urecal/Dudley Dickerson
2023 As was common with film soundtrack albums of the 1960s (and '70s) WARNER's BONNIE & CLYDE consists of audio dubs directly from the movie, dialogue that only sometimes includes music. There's barely enough Charles Strouse and Flatt & Scruggs here to justify the "original score" claim on this original LP's front cover.  Thus, we have a lot of Warren and Faye, such as his embarrassed "lover boy" speech and her recitation of only a number of verses of doggerel that Bonnie Parker herself entitled "The Trail's End," a lengthy poem that after the bank robber's demise became known as "The Story of Bonnie and Clyde."  Fans of Arthur Penn's movie may find this assemblage interesting; those seeking only the music from&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BONNIE-CLYDE/dp/B00000ING1/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BONNIE & CLYDE</a>&nbsp;are almost certain to be disappointed.  PROGRAM--  SIDE ONE: [2:10] Foggy Mountain Breakdown [3:52] Bonnie Meets Clyde (Sometimes I'm Happy) [1:32] I Ain't Much of a Lover Boy [3:46] I Ain't No Rich Man [2:15] Buck and Blanche Meet Up with Bonnie and Clyde (Can't We Be Friends) [2:13] The Law's Outside! (Lucky Day) [2:41] Captain Hamer Spits at Bonnie  SIDE TWO: [2:16] Bonnie and Clyde (as sung by the Barrow Gang) [4:51] Family Reunion [3:17] Buck Falls [3:21] (a) Bonnie Wounded / (b) The Okies [2:11] Bonnie's Poem ("The Story of Bonnie and Clyde") [4:09] The Ambush and End Title  TOTAL TIME: 38:34
2024 The rural-flavored Lum and Abner radio program aired from 1932 to '54. Co'lum'bus Edwards and Abner Peabody were proprietors of the Jot 'em Down Store, in mythical Pine Ridge, Arkansas. Because of the 15-minute show's popularity, the town of Waters, AK was renamed Pine Ridge in 1936. The L&A franchise became a film series in 1940, with seven programmers in all issued-- THE BASHFUL BACHELOR was their second entry.  SYNOPSIS-- Abner trades the Jot 'em Down's delivery truck for a racehorse and runs it against a nag owned by a hated business rival. Lum writes a marriage proposal note for Geraldine, but the Widder Abernathy gets it by mistake.  "Bashful Bachelor" is available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B0002PYSK6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>.  TWO WEEKS TO LIVE, the third Lum & Abner film, is on both&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS/dp/B000AMNZTG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B000PDZRX2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>.  Parenthetical number preceding title is 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.  (5.1) The Bashful Bachelor (1942) - Chester Lauck/Norris Goff/Zasu Pitts/Grady Sutton/Constance Purdy/Irving Bacon/Benny Rubin
2025 I have large, banged up feet from too many previous years of obesity and need comfortable walkers to get through a very ambulatory workday.  Maybe it's my feet, but this pair of PROPET walkers aren't a perfect fit. The left one is fine, but the right's too loose.  No matter what I do that foot rubs up and down at the heel with each step. I even tried trimmng its velcro strap to cinch the shoe tighter, but still there's some movement.
2026 EASTWEST DVDs offer no subtitles or extras beyond plot synopses on the cases's back cover. Their space-saver packs provide a nice variety of lesser-known films for bargain prices.  Duke Ellington's Cotton Club orchestra is featured midway through CHECK AND DOUBLE CHECK.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/JAZZ-COCKTAIL/dp/B000001HFE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">JAZZ COCKTAIL</a>, from British label ASV LIVING ERA is a highly recommended CD of this band's 1930-era music.  Except for a brief stint in THE BIG BROADCAST OF 1936 and a couple of voiced-over cartoon shorts, CHECK AND DOUBLE CHECK marks the only screen appearance for the most popular team in early American radio. The movie itself is now considered un-PC by some for its stereotyped portrayal of African-Americans by corked-up white men.  SYNOPSIS-- The struggling taxi business of Amos Jones (Gosden) and Andrew Brown (Correll) gets a boost when they're hired to transport Duke Ellington's band to a Westchester high society party. The orchestra performs several numbers. At their lodge meeting, A&A are chosen to retrieve a paper marked "Check and Double Check" from a supposedly haunted house. Instead they locate in the creepy mansion a missing deed that can potentially help the son of their former employer.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (5.3) Check and Double Check (1930) - Freeman Gosden/Charles Correll/Duke Ellington/Sue Carol/Irene Rich/Rolf Harolde/Charles Morton/Edwin Martindel/Rita La Roy/Russ Powell
2027 Budget label DIRECT SOURCE offers small-sized CDs of mixed quality-- often the older material is dubbed from less-than-pristine vinyl. Contents also include reworkings of familiar songs; some of these are better than others.  Their three disc set, 30 #1 COUNTRY HITS OF THE 1950s has lots to like within its 75 minutes of programming. Even the remakes are enjoyable. Audio is clean on most.  The album's heavy paper storage case is of a space-saving two-fold construction. No liner notes here beyond a playlist that indicates which are original monaural recordings. The mfr.'s data doesn't match what I hear on headphones-- there's actually more old stuff than they credit.  A per disc breakdown:  CD #1 -  1950s COUNTRY #1s Stereo: Tracks 3, 7, 9 "Billy Bayou" may be a live TV broadcast-- limited fidelity. "Jambalaya" has some surface noise. RUNNING TIME: 25:07  CD #2 - CLASSIC 1950s COUNTRY #1s Stereo: Tracks 2, 7, 8 (no anomalies) RUNNING TIME: 25:28  CD #3 - 1950s HONKY TONK #1s Stereo: 2, 7, 9 "He'll Have To Go" is 'live' but sounds full-range. The two Hank Williams sides show a bit of groove lathe. RUNNING TIME: 25:02  Related item: The ten selections on Direct Source's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CLASSIC-COUNTRY-COUNTRY-GOLD/dp/B00005AVG1/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CLASSIC COUNTRY: COUNTRY GOLD</a>&nbsp;includes songs by Kenny Rogers, Dolly Parton, Waylon Jennings, Faron Young, Lynn Anderson, Barbara Mandrell, Patsy Cline, Alabama, Alabama and Johnny Paycheck.
2028 Filmed in Ireland but set in France during The Great War (1914-18), the Canadian made-for-TVer MARIE CURIE: MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE is the story of Martine (Vansier) and Eliane (Rennison) Boudreau, two patriotic children who believe that mysterous Madame Curie (Trotter) is a German spy.  They follow the eminent scientist and her daughter (Bennett) from Paris to the front lines, where Curie hopes her portable radon-emitting machine (here, erroneously identified as an X-rayer) can be used to save the lives of wounded soldiers. Ironically, one of the men she treats is the Boudreau girls' own father (Vollebregt).  "More Than Meets the Eye" is available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B000F9UEFC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>.  Also recommended: MADAME CURIE (1943) is the biopic of Pierre and Marie Curie, two Polish nationals who emigrated to France and were pioneers in the use of radioactive elements for medical science. Stars Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon.  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS/dp/6302308577/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS</a>)  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B00005JN9G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.7) Marie Curie: More Than Meets the Eye (TV-Canada/Ireland-1997) - Kate Trotter/Nathalie Vansier/Colleen Rennison/Dawn Greenhalgh/Martha Burns/Marion Bennett/Peter Vollebregt
2029 SONY/BMG's #1 OF DISCO is a mighty small collection of once popular dance tracks. If I were programming this CD, the set would've opened with "Get Up and Boogie" instead of that being the last song, and closed with "We Are Family."  Truthfully, a late-70s K-TEL Disco LP had a better mix of songs than what's here (remember: "Do the Hustle" and "Diamond in the back, sunroof top..."?), and where's Tommy Mottola? Inquiring minds want to know if he still "lives on the road."  These are clean transfers of the original full-length cuts and mixes, and an OK sampler of a fondly remembered (if misspent) past for those of a certain age.  . PROGRAM--  [3:40] Best Of My Love - The Emotions [3:03] Love Machine (Part 1) - The Miracles [4:18] Le Freak - Chic [3:35] September - Earth, Wind & Fire [3:40] Celebration - Kool & the Gang [5:05] Got To Be Real - Cheryl Lynn [3:58] I'm Your Boogie Man - K.C. & the Sunshine Band [3:36] We Are Family - Sister Sledge [4:07] Turn the Beat Around - Vicki Sue Robinson [3:37] Don't Leave Me This Way - Thelma Houston [3:07] Rock the Boat - The Hues Corporation [4:00] Get Up and Boogie (That's Right) - Silver Convention  TOTAL TIME - 45:46
2030 The COMPACT JAZZ series reunites Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald with samples from their classic 1956-'57 VERVE sessions. These two scat singers couldn't have been more opposite vocally, and yet the combination worked fabulously. Armstrong with his ruined lip still was an expressive vocalist, while Ella was in her singing prime.  The program is weighted with Gershwin tunes. The reason is some material here was drawn from the twosome's PORGY & BESS LP, while the other Gershwin standards were scattered between the ELLA AND LOUIS and ELLA AND LOUIS AGAIN albums. This is a fine early-stereophonic collection of standards performed by two of 20th Century's best. Highly recommended.  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 57:45
2031 My experience with minor brand and DVD-R companies such as Desert Island Films has been satisfactory, as I'm not interested in commentary, deleted scenes or other bonus features, that is, stuff these discs don't offer. Transfers are "best available source" and quality can vary from very good to only fair. .  In CARNIVAL OF SOULS, after surviving a terrible car accident, a young woman moves to Salt Lake City to take a job as a church organist. Frequent visions of a ghostly spectre eventually lead her to an abandoned pavillon's ballroom, where dancers straddle the line between the living and the dead, an eerie scene that brings with it self-realization of the girl's own fate.  A remarkable first-and-only motion picture from industrial short director Herk Harvey (who also cameos as the undead man). This one's cult status seems to grow with each passing year. A must see!  . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.1) Carnival of Souls (1962) - Candace Hilligoss/Sidney Berger/Frances Feist/Steve Boozer/Forbes Caldwell/Herk Harvey
2032 Just to take inventory of this "12 piece" SilverStone set, there are three pans, three pots, four glass lids (one can serve both a pot and pan) and to pad the count to an even dozen, non-stick slotted spoon and spatula.  It's an attractive cookware collection, with ergonomic oval knobs on the lids. That classic red color is certain to entice folks with a flair for things culinary. Esthetics aside, these are a well-designed addition to any kitchen and as such are recommended for both quality and function, but with these provisos:  Be advised that SilverStone can not tolerate high heat. Non-stick sprays and coats of oil are NOT recommended as they interfere the cookware's own nonstick release system. Finally, even with gentle use some permanent staining can occur.  2/9/15 update: Just diced some red peppers and onions and added minced garlic to the largest pot. Normally I'd saute these prior to adding tomato sauce in a good amount of olive oil. None was needed. The veggies provided moisture, the pot's surface kept all from sticking. I ended up adding the oil to the sauce. This SilverStone cookware is remarkable stuff!
2033 This patch cord is very handy for my current pastime, transferring 78 shellac discs to cassette tape masters. The turntable feeds into an amp, where bass and treble adjustments are made, then out from the amp's headphone jack (using the above cord) to take advantage of these audio trimmings, and into a SONY cassette deck. When a tape is complete, it's used as a master for burning CDs, but once again, the patch cord comes into play.  From the cassette deck to the amp, bass and treble adjusted AGAIN, then through the headphone jack to a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TEAC-CD-burner-combo/dp/B006H6OR1Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TEAC CD burner combo</a>. Double filtering helps eliminate a great deal of shellac surface noise while it boosts bass levels dramatically. A very effective way to improve and enhance the sound of antique 78s without having to resort to Dolby, which to me ruins the freshness of records with its heavy shearing of frequencies effect.  Yes mine is a specialized need yet I'd be unable to proceed without this device.
2034 The SINISTER SOULS movie pack offers up a half-dozen excellent reasons for sleeping with the lights on for the rest of your life. These ghastly, gruesome and gory ghouls and demented demons will haunt you... maybe FOREVER! (Don't say you weren't warned...)  For more bizarre Pendulum Pictures "fun,"&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SERIAL-PSYCHOS/dp/B000ELJ7FO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SERIAL PSYCHOS</a>&nbsp;will keep you screaming all the way to the blood bank!  The alphabetized program list below includes 1 to 10 viewer poll ratings, year of release and principal actors for each title.  (6.6) Cope (2007) -  Rachel Pinto/Robert Allen Wagner/Krystal Sullivan (2.2) The Crucifier (2005) - Rocco Martone/Ryan Miller/Rachel DeGenaro (2.4) Dominion (1992) - Carol Barta/Frank Dunlay/Auggi Alvarez (2.0) I Dream of Dracula (2003) - Michellina Shafranski/Jae Mosc/Maria Bolaris (7.0) Sick Bstrd (UK-2007) - Ken Dirke/Collette Green/Amy Hill/Michael Johnson (2.1) Unborn Sins (2007) - Paul 'P.J.' Penaloza/Michele L. Harris/Pierre Walters
2035 The 1939 British-made version of Gilbert & Sullivan's THE MIKADO features Irish tenor Kenny Baker as Nanki-Poo (the wand'ring minstrel). Baker was the original singer on Jack Benny's radio program.  What makes this particular Mikado superb is not only its luscious Technicolor photography but Martyn Green, who here is Koko. Green was widely considered the best Gilbert & Sullivan interpreter outside of the original 19th Century D'Oyly Carte cast. His marvelous Koko alone is worth the price of admission! HIGHEST recommendation.  This movie is also available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/6305186596/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>.  Suggested for Gilbert & Sullivan fans: Don't miss TOPSY TURVY (1999). It's the story of the artistic feud between "Schwenck" and Sir Arthur that led to the creation of their greatest work, "The Mikado." Includes excellent performances of the show's best songs.  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS-edition/dp/6305882010/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS edition</a>)  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD-edition/dp/630589423X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD edition</a>)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.  (7.2) The Mikado (UK-1939) - Kenny Baker/Martyn Green/Sydney Granville/John Barclay/Gregory Stroud/Jean Colin/Constance Willis/Elizabeth Paynor/Kathleen Naylor
2036 NOTE: The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/RCA-record-album/dp/B004A4ARKK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">RCA record album</a>&nbsp;with three candles on its cover photo has nothing to do with--->&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/the-LP/dp/B000M3C6LQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">the LP</a>&nbsp;I've posted on. The two were wrongly linked because of identical titles. .  From 1973, THE MANY MOODS OF CHRISTMAS (P 12013) is the 13th consecutive various artists holiday music LP that COLUMBIA Special Products created for the Goodyear Tire Co. All tracks are stereo, except the rechanneled from mono "Winter Weather."  SIDE ONE White Christmas - Ella Fitzgerald Christmasland - Tony Bennett Winter Weather - Jo Stafford, accompanied by Paul Weston O Little Town of Bethlehem - Barbra Streisand Christmas Waltz - Pat Boone Whatever Happened To Christmas? - Frank Sinatra Jingle Bells / It's Christmas Time All Over the World - Sammy Davis, Jr.  SIDE TWO The Christmas Song - Tex Beneke Toyland - Doris Day Jingle Bell Rock - Pete Fountain Christmas Is - Bing Crosby O Come All Ye Faithful - Julie Andrews Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow! - Andy Williams What Are You Doing New Year's Eve? - Ella Fitzgerald
2037 I regulrly buy the 32 oz. jar of CENTO's cherry pepper slices and have found the amount of heat within these containers directly depends on the percentage of red hued slices to green. More red = more heat. This can be determined visually.  A recommended half-ounce serving is only 10 calories, with 240 mgs. of sodium. All other factors (cholesterol, crbohydrates, sugars, fiber) are zero.  Complex garden salads are a main part of my low carb lifestyle and these very peppers add the spice I crave. Highest recommendation.
2038 Paul McCartney's first solo record sounded a bit tentative-- his drumming clearly amateurish. Next came RAM, with invited musicians and a myriad of overdubs-- this one was a phenomenal effort. WILD LIFE, production and content-wise, lies somewhere between these two on the quality continuum.  There are many fine melodies to be found here that nicely illustrate a comment George Martin made about McCartney in the mid-60s, that he could "turn out tunes like a barrel organ." Sheer volume does not have to mean inferior product however, as the trilogy of RAM/WILD LIFE/BAND ON THE RUN so obviously demonstrate. These three consecutively released albums are top shelf and Sir Paul's finest post-Beatles work. Its logical too that all would be created within three years of that legendary band's dissolution. McCartney's creative juices were flowing like a torrent then.  From the sudden master tape kick in on "Mumbo" to the bass-driven outro fragment after "Dear Friend," WILD LIFE is always fun, engaging and free-- and free is what wild life should be, right?
2039 NOTE: This is NOT a DVD. It's a 12" Laserdisc. These record album-sized predecessors of today's DVDs were visually superior. Until the advent of Blu-Ray technology, Laserdiscs were the best video format available.  . WE'RE NO ANGELS is a PARAMOUNT picture that was directed by Michael Curtiz. In this Xmas season black comedy adapted by Ranald MacDougall from Albert Husson's stageplay "La Cuisine de Anges," three Devil's Island prison escapees lay low at a local home, where they get involved in the problems of a family they'd intended to rob and murder.  The film is episodic at first and drags in spots, but when villainous Rathbone and his repulsive son Baer arrive, things kick into high gear, and they soon kick buckets. Bogey (as Joseph) is surprisingly good playing it for laughs. A little black and red striped snake (that we never see) steals the show.  Screenwriter MacDougall, who in the early 1970s was President of the Writers Guild of America (west), also scripted&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MILDRED-PIERCE/dp/6301973410/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MILDRED PIERCE</a>&nbsp;(1945), Hitchcock's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/STAGE-FRIGHT/dp/6300270386/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">STAGE FRIGHT</a>&nbsp;(1950) and MR. BELVEDERE RINGS THE BELL (1951).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.5) We're No Angels (1955) - Humphrey Bogart/Aldo Ray/Peter Ustinov/Joan Bennett/Basil Rathbone/Leo G. Carroll/John Baer/Gloria Talbott
2040 In TOPAZ (1969), Hitchcock spotters will have an easy time catching his wheelchair at the airport cameo. Special mention to Roscoe Lee Browne, who's excellent in a small but pivotal role during the NYC segment.  This Cold War drama begins with a defection to the U.S. of high-ranking KGBer Boris Kusenov (Per-Axel Arosenius) and his revelation to debriefers of unnamed French spy 'Topaz' who's been supplying NATO secrets to the Russians. American CIA agent Michael Nordstrom (John Forsythe) asks his French counterpart currently stationed in D.C., Andre Devereaux (Frederick Stafford), for assistance in learning what exactly is contained in a secret Cuba/USSR agreement.  Devereaux, who has strong ties to Fidel Castro's government as well as Resistance connections there, travels first to Harlem and then Cuba, even as Russian nukes are being shipped to that island. These medium range missiles and their Soviet operators quickly bring on the Oct.'62 Cuban Missile Crisis. Everywhere Andre goes during these perilous days, those close to him meet tragic fates. He himself pays a steep price for what's discovered, both personally and professionally.  The only fault (if any) of this interesting adaptation of the Leon Uris espionage thriller is one of rhythm. The film goes on for an inordinately long time and when you expect a finale it takes another turn, a last bit of business that ends as unexpectedly as it begins. This jarring conclusion is followed by a cheesy montage of story highlights that flash over Maurice Jarr&eacute;'s music track. It's doubtful many in theaters stayed to see them.
2041 I just saw a 'B' grade movie that was SO GOOD, I still can't believe it.  When the name Arch Hall Jr. is on a picture's cast list, it usually means a real bow wow, but not this time! (Think:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/WILD-GUITAR/dp/B000BCJGTI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">WILD GUITAR</a>&nbsp;here-- feh!)  This 1963 b&w thriller is part of Diamond Entertainment's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/KILLERS-COLLECTION/dp/B000A9QL4A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">KILLERS COLLECTION</a>. The good news is: it's a real clean dub and the set is very inexpensive.  OK, the movie is called THE SADIST. It's about a 20-year-old serial killer and his girlfriend that terrorize three schoolteachers whose car breaks down in a remote area of California (near Needles). They make it as far as a well-off-the-road gas station/scrap yard, and while searching for a fuel pump among the wrecks in this seemingly abandoned place, the psychopath gets the jump on them.  What follows is an hour of agonizing tension. As Diamond's synopsis describes it: "Every time we think that the film can't get any crueler, the insanely giggling Hall pulls off another outrage."  There is NO WAY that I'll be seeing anything else this week that's better or more of a total surprise. This one's rare!  If you're at all interested, get this JOHNNY LEGEND edition, or take a chance on KILLERS COLLECTION.
2042 These peanut butter bars are undeniably yummy. \They have the crunchiness of Butterfingers but aren't as sticky on the teeth. Also the peanut butter flavor isn't as intense as the aforementioned. But a little flavor goes a long way.  The 50 calorie per serving suggestion is practical. Two pieces is enough. So, If I had to choose between the two, ATKINSON'S is the winner.  My only complaint is with the percentage of wrapper (a double sheet) to candy. But that's minor; thus a solid four star rating.
2043 This 1998 edition of ED SULLIVAN'S ROCK-N-ROLL CLASSICS is two half-hour episodes of the syndicated best of Sullivan series. Jay Thomas narrates vintage film clip montages prior to each act.  Cass Elliott introduces Creeque Alley by explaining the song's Virgin Islands origin, then with a hint of sarcasm she says "roll tape!" The Mamas & Papas sing live over the record, which makes for some vocal muddying.  Before Smokey and the Miracles do their quartet-style ballad, Ed spotlights Diana Ross in the studio audience looking glamorous in a huge white fur. Johnny Rivers remembers Sullivan telling him to "say hello to everyone in Baton Rouge." Johnny had sense enough not to inform his host that he'd been living in L.A. for years.  TOP HITS OF 1967 [2:56] Baby I Need Your Lovin' - Johnny Rivers (3/19/67) [2:55] The Happening - the Supremes (5/7/67) [3:32] Never My Love - the Association (12/8/68) [4:10] Creeque Alley - the Mamas & the Papas (6/11/67) [3:22] Ruby Tuesday - the Rolling Stones (11/15/67)  FOLK ROCK [4:39] Up on Cripple Creek - the Band (11/2/68) [3:36] Turn! Turn! Turn! - the Byrds (12/12/65) [2:48] Down on the Corner - Creedence Clearwater Revival (11/16/69) [2:09] Daydream - the Lovin' Spoonful (3/19/67) [3:19] Abraham, Martin and John - Smokey Robinson & the Miracles (6/1/69)  TOTAL PERFORMANCE TIME: 33:26  TOTAL RUNNING TIME: 42:05
2044 The album pictured here is a reissue of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DL-4206/dp/B0012M1W3Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DL 4206</a>. Song lists are identical, cover art is different.  HOUSE PARTY (DL 38242) is a mono various artists LP originally issued by DECCA in 1962.  SIDE ONE Wait Till the Sun Shines Nellie - Lawrence Welk's Champagne Music Mighty Lak' a Rose - The Mills Brothers Put Your Arms Around Me, Honey - Russ Morgan & his orch. Ciribiribin - Pearl Bailey Tammy - The Four Aces La Cumparsita - Percy Faith & his orch.  SIDE TWO I've Got Rings on My Fingers - Teresa Brewer Humoresque - Mal Hallett & his orch. Wearing of the Green - Judy Garland, w./Bobby Sherwood & orch. (4/10/40) Shine On, Harvest Moon - Jimmy Durante Bill Bailey, Won't You Please Come Home - Roberta Sherwood I Wonder Who's Kissing Her Now? - Tommy Dorsey & his orch.
2045 As seen in this 45 minute BIOGRAPHY episode, it follows the formula of presenting clips of Audrey Hepburn's movies, while offering a lot more. After all, motion pictures (only 27) were not the main part of her life. It's just what we remember Audrey most for.  We learn what may have motivated a later-life passion for UNICEF volunteerism, and why Hepburn's dancing in the screen adaptation of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/FUNNY-FACE/dp/B001HPP2Y6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">FUNNY FACE</a>&nbsp;(1957) was so adept. We discover that as an unknown actress Audrey was given the starring role in a Broadway play that was later turned into a hugely successful MGM musical (with a different star), and that she won a Tony for this effort. We see how at the height of her fame Hepburn was chosen over the original stage star for a musical that went on to win eight Oscars.  There's a lot of fascinating information in this show, and always we have the exquisitely beautiful Hepburn. After her 1993 passing from stomach cancer, her friends and some co-stars eulogized Audrey as human perfection. A mighty tough load to carry perhaps, but if anyone could attain that lofty state, it was the amazing Audrey Hepburn.
2046 Faint echoes of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-DEER-HUNTER/dp/B006TTC5HC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE DEER HUNTER</a>&nbsp;(1978) in KILLING SEASON (Belgium/US-2013). John Travolta plays a Serb with an Abe Lincoln beard. Over a decade after the Bosnian War, he searches out Robert De Niro at his rustic mountain cabin, spends the evening drinking Jaegermeister with him never letting on that he's come to kill De Niro for something he did during that conflict.  They agree to go bow hunting for deer. In the early morning they separate in the field. This is when Travolta's true intention is revealed. He begins hunting De Niro with a bow, wounds him in the leg when he could've killed him. Travolta soon runs a badly limping De Niro down. Rather than kill him he wants to talk about why he's done all this. But first, a little torture...  . I really liked this one. The first surprise is John Travolta who is unrecognizable as Robert De Niro's pursuer. From what I can tell he does a great Slavic accent, too. Next is De Niro's performance. At age sixty-nine he was still vigorous and limber enough to take on a trying physical role. I was most impressed by him in this picture and think it's a marvel that in a half century of acting De Niro has rarely looked bad in a film.  Just think of his extensive film resum. What an awesome body of work!
2047 Highlight of GLENN MILLER PLAYS SELECTIONS FROM THE GLENN MILLER STORY AND OTHER HITS (LPM 1192) is an 8 minute version of "Kalamazoo." The last five tracks on Side Two of this 1956 RCA VICTOR "His Master's Voice" black label LP are radio band remotes.  Featured soloists include Tex Beneke and Al Klink, who engage in tenor sax battles on "In the Mood" and "String of Pearls," also Bobby Hackett's sweet trumpet on the latter. Trumpet man Billy May and Tex's sax are featured on "Boulder Buff." Beneke, trumpeter Clyde Hurley and Klink have spotlights on the spirited set-closer, "King Porter Stomp."  PROGRAM--  SIDE ONE [3:13) Moonlight Serenade [3:39] American Patrol [3:10] PEnnsylvania Six-Five Thousand [3:29) In the Mood [8:28] (I've Got a Gal in) Kalamazoo [3:25] Boulder Buff  SIDE TWO [3:19] Tuxedo Junction [3:42] St. Louis Blues (live) [3:14] String of Pearls (live) [2:55] Little Bown Jug (live) [3:32] Farewel Blues (live) [2:34] King Porter Stomp (live)  TOTAL TIME: 44:40
2048 The majority of the selections on COTTON CLUB DAYS date back to the pre-big band era of the late 1920s and early '30s. Those were the glory times of that famous Harlem nightspot, when orchestras fronted by Duke Ellington, Cab Calloway, Don Redman (conspicuously absent from this set), and others performed there regularly for an almost totally white audience.  The tracks on this collection have been dubbed from LPs, rather than the original 78s. This in itself isn't a detriment, however the records have echo added, and a few also have some obvious groove distortion. The album's liner notes give running times and personnel for all songs; recording dates are included for most, as well.  Despite the less than perfect source material, COTTON CLUB DAYS is still an interesting mix of 16 songs that celebrate one of the best-ever venues for fine jazz music.
2049 WESTERNS 10 MOVIE PACK presents a nice cross-section of the numerous public domain cowboy films currently in circulation. Many of the stars you'd expect to find are here, like Lee Van Cleef, Warren Oates, Neville Brand and Chill Wills, but this collection also offers up oaters that feature Sammy Davis Jr., James Caan, Dean Jagger and William Shatner. It's quite an unusual mix and a really nice way to sample the MILL CREEK ENTERTAINMENT western movie catalog.  If you do find that WESTERNS 10 MOVIE PACK is to your liking, don't miss MILL CREEK's gargantuan&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/WESTERN-CLASSICS-100-MOVIE-PACK/dp/B000MQCB1I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">WESTERN CLASSICS 100 MOVIE PACK</a>. All ten of these films are included in that box set-- and it has so much more for one amazingly low price!  . Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 viewer poll ratings found at a film resource website.  (5.6) China 9, Liberty 37 (Italy/Spain-1978) - Warren Oates/Sam Peckinpah (5.7) Dead Aim (Mexico-1975) - Glen Lee/James Westerfield (3.9) Gone With The West (1978) - James Caan/Sammy Davis Jr./Stephanie Powers (5.9) Grand Duel (Italy/France/W. Ger./Monaco-1972) - Lee Van Cleef (5.6) Gunfight At Red Sands (Spain/Italy-1963) - Richard Harrison (5.1) The Hanged Man (TV-1974) - Steve Forrest/Dean Jagger/Will Geer (5.1) It Can Be Done Amigo (Spain/Italy/France-1972) - Jack Palance (3.8) Kentucky Rifle (1956) - Chill Wills/Sterling Holloway (5.7) Mohawk (1956) - Neville Brand/Scott Brady (3.9) White Comanche (Spain-1968) - Joseph Cotten, William Shatner
2050 GRAPEVINE VIDEO is a DVD-R manufacturer with an impressive catalog of the rarest silent and early sound movies.  Their 66 minute version of "Maciste all'inferno" (1926) is well short of the film's original 95 minute running time. Background score of dubbed from vinyl orchestra or organ recordings matches screen action fairly well. GRAPEVINE's transfer of this cinematic antique may be pieced together from two sources, as some portions look better than others.  Bart Pagano's Maciste is the prototype for innumerable Euro Hercules muscleman epics of the 1950s and 60s, although here he appears in fairly modern garb.  In an impressively surreal story, after Maciste rescues an infant from the clutches of Old Nick, he's captured and brought to the nether regions, where a kiss from one of Beezelbub's babes transforms him into a demon with superhuman strength. Using his newfound muscle, Maciste allies with Pluto and conquers Curlybeard and his syncophants (who on Earth are dressed in 'nyah-ha-ha' capes and twirly mustaches). Pluto changes Maciste back to a man but on his journey home, an infatuated Proserpine kisses our hero and once again he's a demon! Who will save Maciste now?  Along the way we see flying demons and beasts of all varieties, including Minos, Nimrod and a titanic Saturn cannibalizing his own young. The hellish crowd scenes are most memorable of all. A highly recommended motion picture, especially for silent era fans.  Also included--  A BIRD'S A BIRD (1915) - One of several KEYSTONE Mr. Walrus comedies that stars Chester Conklin. In this one-reeler, Mrs. W. is Minta Durfee (aka Mrs. Roscoe Arbuckle). Also in the cast: Al St. John (Arbuckle's nephew), Alice Davenport as W's mother-in-law and gangly Slim Summerville.
2051 My experience with minor brand DVD companies (such as DESERT ISLAND FILMS) has been satisfactory, as I'm not interested in commentary, deleted scenes or other bonus features, that is, stuff these discs don't offer. Transfers are "best available source" and quality can vary from very good to only fair.  . Billed as sixth banana in BORN TO WIN is a very young Robert De Niro.  It's the grim story of a loser who has this phrase tattooed on his arm. Hip hairdresser-turned-junkie JJ (Segal) is a not-too-adept thief, nor is he very smart. While delivering a stash of 'H' for a local dealer nicknamed 'Geek' (Elizondo), JJ instead decides to steal it. Cops nab him with the goods and undercover narc Danny (De Niro) forces him to set up a 'buy' with Geek.  While arranging the sting, JJ asks Geek for some smack. He's given poison and shares it with a friend who dies after shooting up, a moment which exemplies JJ's life. Despite that tattoo, this is a guy who CAN'T win, can't break even, nor can he get out of the game.  A funky soundtrack, plus humorous touches like Miss Black's encounter with JJ as he's stealing her car, or Segal prancing around the streets in a pink peignor after being stripped of his double-knit polyester threads, are stark contrast to a very depressing movie. It's the sort of anti-hero tale they don't make anymore (for obvious reasons).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (5.6) Born to Win (1971) - George Segal/Karen Black/Paula Prentiss/Hector Elizondo/Robert De Niro/Sylvia Syms/Burt Young
2052 PANASONIC RP-HC800-K headphones are stored in a shock-resistant zipper pouch. The set's cord is flimsy and not very long, but at least its the modern type that plugs into the 'phones, so this weakest link may be easily replaced if and when it ever shorts out.  A single AA battery is included, yet I'll only be using this device in my quiet home, thus external noise cancellation isn't needed. I requested them from AMMY Vine because of Panasonic's long reputation as a quality line of products. Certainly these "cans" are well-made and nicely padded. They could be more comfy, however. Therein lies their downfall for me.  First thing I noticed was the inside of each earpiece seemed rather small, as if made for a child or petite adult. My ears might not fit well in the space provided. This was soon verified by usage.  I've tried them out and even at the loosest setting these phones are a clamp on my head that I had to remove after 30 minutes. Audio reproduction is good, but what does that matter if wearing them becomes an ordeal from the start? Between that viselike squeezing and my ears feeling pressed on by small interiors, it was most unsatisfactory.  Not recommended for anyone with a "cabeza grande."
2053 This two-VHS pack contains fine quality full screen transfers in HiFi mono sound. Tapes are recorded at SP speed.  SYNOPSES--  DRACULA - UNIVERSAL's first great sound era monster film is still my favorite frighter. A lack of background score adds to Tod Browning's adaptation of the late 1920s gothic stageplay that Lugosi starred in. The only flaw here is a missing finale, what we assume is a fire that destroys Nosferatu and his three wives in their rough-hewn coffins. Frye is outstanding as Drac's bug-eating synocphant.  FRANKENSTEIN - Director James Whale's eerie picture features a semi-sympathetic monster with a fire phobia who ends up burning in a windmill conflagration. Frye as Fritz takes it down a notch from DRACULA but still overacts.  Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll ratings.  (7.7) Dracula (1931) - Bela Lugosi/Helen Chandler/David Manners/Dwight Frye/Edward Van Sloan/Herbert Bunston  (8.0) Frankenstein (1931) - Colin Clive/Mae Clarke/John Boles/Karloff/Edward Van Sloan/Dwight Frye/Lionel Belmore
2054 The MERCURY Records album BACHMAN-TURNER OVERDRIVE II (SRM-1-696), second LP for this Canadian boogie rock band, was released in December of 1973. RIAA Certified Platinum, it made #4 on BILLBOARD's 200 chart early in '74.  BTO2 contains one of the group's most popular songs, "Takin' Care of Business" (sung by Randy Bachman). TCB peaked at #12 on Billboard's Hot 100. "Let It Ride" (lead vocalist Fred Turner), this set's other charter, only reached #23 in America. Both were #3 hits on Canada's RPM chart.  SIDE ONE [4:17] Blown [5:32] Welcome Home [3:50] Stonegates [4:21] Let It Ride  SIDE TWO [5:44] Give It Time [4:03] Tramp [4:24] I Don't Have to Hide [4:51] Takin' Care of Business  TOTAL TIME: 37:02
2055 I've owned a pair of SONY's MDR-7506 headphones since April of 2009 and find them to be very much as advertised. They've got a wide frequency range and perform well with units having flea power output. With a bit of plug position finagling, they'd probably work satisfactorily with an old-fashioned transistor radio --that's how sensitive they are-- yet these 'phones handle the highest volume levels without distortion. They've got rich bass tone and clean high end.  DOWNSIDE: They fit on your head like a clamp. After about 30 minutes the pressure can be annoying.  Like a bicycle tire, the leather ear pads come off easier than they go on. If you're not careful, you can accidentally knock one off, which is what happened to me once. Getting it back on was a lesson in aggravation.  Recently, the coiled main cord of my MDR-7506s got stuck between my couch and an end table. Although I didn't yank it brutally, the amount of pressure I did exert in trying to free it was enough to short out one of the channels. In a case like this, especially when they're out of warranty, SONY does not repair the headphones-- they only offer an eighty dllar exchange, plus sales tax and shipping.  If you are capable, it may be cheaper to buy a replacement cord, splice it in high on the wire, then solder and tape it up. The finished product won't look pretty, but you also won't be out another C note.
2056 DESIGN Records was a subdivision of the PICKWICK company. Their early LPs, although issued on inflexible and potentially brittle polyvinyl, had very quiet surfaces. (The problem at this late date is finding used DESIGN albums that haven't been lathed by phonograph needles-- PVC discs were easliy damaged just by regular wear.)  The 1959 DESIGN album, CONNEE BOSWELL Sings the RODGERS & HART Song Folio (DLP 101), was a mono-only release. The ten tracks have been sweetened with echo. You can hear in Connee's distinctive alto voice the influence her 1930s records had on young Ella Fitzgerald.  All here are small group recordings: piano, vibes, rhythm, etc.  SIDE ONE [2:46] Everything I've Got Belongs to You [3:13] You're Nearer [2:24] I Could Write a Book [2:33] My Funny Valentine [2:44] I Didn't Know What Time It Was  SIDE TWO [2:50] My Romance [3:32] The Lady is a Tramp [2:56] Bewitched [4:08] Where or When [3:08] There's a Small Hotel  TOTAL TIME: 30:14
2057 MADACY's double-dip gray box VHS series is one to be avoided.  Recorded at SLP speed, each VHS contains a smidgen of tape. Transfer quality of stressed film stock is pretty bad, so is tracking, and when you factor in the space wasted by these two-tape sets, it all adds up to junk bin rejects.  Not worth it!
2058 SCHEISSHAUS LUCK is a book that's not for the faint of heart and one you won't soon forget. This is a nightmare story of man's inhumanity, told in the first person by a victim of concentration camp horrors. Pierre Berg witnessed and survived almost every outrage and degradation known, had several near brushes with death, and came away from a year-and-a-half ordeal by fire tempered far beyond his 19 years.  To someone who's never read a memoir of this sort, it's surprising to learn that Auschwitz "workers" suffered more violence at the hands of their fellow inmates than their German captors ever inflicted. These well-fed "kapos," often the most sadistic of convicts from German prisons, would think nothing of kicking a man's skull in for any perceived or invented infraction. Their constant malignant presence was a threat to life equal only to the starvation rations prisoners endured until they were reduced to shuffling bags of bones.  It is hard to read this without shedding tears, for the author, the people he knew, loved and lost and the countless unnamed other tortured souls-- the few of them who barely made it out alive and the many who didn't. Very highest recommendation.
2059 I read my autographed copy of Bonar Menninger's "Mortal Error: The Shot That Killed JFK" some years ago but still remember the author's main point: that the fatal bullet that killed JFK did indeed come from behind, but Lee Oswald wasn't the shooter. This is what Menninger sincerely believes, and he backs up this supposition with carefully laid out and most convincing ballistics details:  Secret Service agent George Hickey was riding atop the back seat of a '55 Caddy convertible that was directly behind the JFK/Connally limo. When shots came from the Texas School Book Depository on his right, Hickey grabbed a high-power rifle lying in his lap to return fire. The weapon's safety was off and when the Caddy lurched to a halt, Hickey accidentally discharged a round before he had a chance to aim at the Depository. In some bizarre twist of misfortune, this bullet exploded into JFK's head, killing him instantly.  Seems far-fetched, for shouldn't at least one sidewalk observer have noticed smoke at street level or heard Hickey's rifle discharge? For decades now, Menninger has been dismissed by both lone gunman believers and conspiracy theorists in their perpetual parlor game of "Who Killed Jack Kennedy?"  Whether you're in either camp or have no specific opinion on this crime of the century, MORTAL ERROR is a compelling read and still worth some consideration.
2060 A better name for this two-fer is "The Adam West TV Movie Double Feature." Yes, our favorite campy Batman appears in both of these minor sci-fi works.  In WARP SPEED, he's the captain of a missing spaceship that's later found with no crew aboard. CAST NOTES: Also featured are Cameron Mitchell's adult kids, Camille and Cam Junior. Camille plays a psychic who's asked to determine just where everyone disappeared to. It's a good premise, but poorly executed.  TIME WARP is somewhat better. The plot of this Twilight Zone-ish tale will at least hold your interest. CAST NOTES: Peter Kastner starred in the legendary but short-lived ABC-TV sitcom, THE UGLIEST GIRL IN TOWN (1968). Barry Gordon, who appears in both these movies, made his screen debut as a paperboy, in THE GIRL CAN'T HELP IT (1956), with Jayne Mansfield.  For more high flying adventure, blast off with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SCI-FI-CLASSICS-V-3/dp/B0000B1OB9/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SCI-FI CLASSICS, V.3</a>&nbsp;(from ECHO BRIDGE). It's an outer space four movie pack guaranteed to send you into orbit!  Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 viewer poll ratings found at a film resource website.  (5.9) Time Warp (TV-1981) - Adam West/Chip Johnson/Gretchen Corbett/Peter Kastner/Barry Gordon  (3.8) Warp Speed (TV-1981) - Adam West/Camille Mitchell/David Chandler/Cameron Mitchell Jr./Barry Gordon
2061 My experience with minor brand DVD companies (such as anonymous one) has been satisfactory, as I'm not interested in commentary, deleted scenes or other bonus features, that is, stuff these discs don't offer. Transfers are "best available source" and quality can vary from very good to only fair.  . Thornton Wilder's OUR TOWN had 336 Broadway performances between 2/4/38 and 11/19/38.  Wilder, plus Frank Craven and Harry Chandler, wrote this screen adaptation. Craven reprises here his role of the Stage Manager. Director Sam Wood gives the barebones stageshow a more traditional look.  The story concerns early 20th Century life in the village of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire. Among the several that unfold betwee 1901 and '13 is that of two young next-door neighbors who marry and start a family. She dies after her second childbirth, sees the spirits of family and friends who passed on before her and gives an impassioned plea to all to get as much from life as possible, for it's a fleeting thing.  Sad but profound stuff in this Pulitzer Prize winner that also garnered six Oscar nods.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.9) Our Town (1940) - Bill Holden/Martha Scott/Fay Bainter/Beulah Bondi/Thomas Mitchell/Guy Kibbee/Stuart Erwin/Frank Craven/Charles Trowbridge/Spencer Charters
2062 The film career of Jackie Chan, the most famous of the Hong Kong martial arts stars, stretches back to 1962. Chan was 8 years old when he appeared in the now lost "Big and Little Wong Tin Bar." Since then he's been in almost 100 movies, mostly made in the Orient.  Jackie stars as a young man out to avenge his father's murder in "Master" and is part of an ensemble in the Dirty Dozen-ish "Fantasy."  For twice the kickboxing action, try BCI's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/INVINCIBLE-WARRIORS/dp/B000087F2L/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">INVINCIBLE WARRIORS</a>.  . Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll ratings.  (4.7) Fantasy Mission Force (Taiwan/Hong Kong-1982) - Jackie Chan/Brigette Lin/Yu Wang/Yueh Sun/David Tao/Jung Fang  (4.8) Master with Cracked Fingers (Hong Kong-1971) - Jackie Chan/Siu Tien Yuen/Dean Shek/Kwok Choi Hon/Feng Tien  . CHAN TRIVIA--  Loosely patterns his comedic style after silent film star Buster Keaton, another skilled stuntman.  Doing stunts he's broken his nose 3 times, an ankle, most of his fingers, both cheekbones and his skull, which has a permanent hole in it.  Was awarded an M.B.E. (Member of the British Empire) in 1989.  Underwent "Occidental" eyelid surgery in 1976.  Was a stunt coordinator for Bruce Lee.  Speaks Cantonese, Mandarin, English and Korean.
2063 Director Delbert Mann's THE LAST DAYS OF PATTON picks up the general's story right where the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/1970-Oscar-winning-blockbuster/dp/B000EHSVS2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">1970 Oscar-winning blockbuster</a>&nbsp;leaves off.  In occupied post-war Germany, George S. Patton Jr. is critcized for giving ex-Nazis important jobs in the area under his command. Patton's intemperate remarks about starting WWIII with the Soviets forces his removal as head of the 3rd Army.  George's plans to retire and go home are ended with a car accident that paralyzes him. After lingering for months in a German military base hospital, he dies at age 60. Also seen in flashback are Patton's many fond memories of youth and early military career.  A well-done TV movie.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (6.4) The Last Days of Patton (TV-1986) - George C. Scott/Eva Marie Saint/Richard Dysart/Murray Hamilton/Ed Lauter/Ron Berglas/Erika Hoffman
2064 This tape is a full screen dub that has HiFi audio.  SYNOPSIS-- In SAFE HOUSE (1998) a man slowly sinking into Alzheimer's and dementia believes that a presidential candidate is trying to have him killed. He hides at home, often in a secure room, with a sophsticated computer system and security monitors.  His daughter hires a young woman to be her now-erratic dad's keeper/companion while she debates having him committed to a psych hospital. The paranoia plot has a somewhat predictable twist ending, but it's fun getting there. Worth seeing.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (7.0) Safe House (1998) - Patrick Stewart/Kimberly Williams/Hector Elizondo/Joy Kilpatrick/Craig Shoemaker/James Harlow/Richard Livingston
2065 THE BEAT GOES ON is proof that you don't need to own every record by a favorite group.  Excessively artsy-fartsy, TBGO is a concept album that was silly then and an earsore now; an obvious misstep for the boys from Long Island.  To be fair to this great band, "Beat" was Shadow Morton's baby all the way. Even when the record was reissued on CD (by SUNDAZED), band members had little good to say about their producer's aural mish-mosh. They're right. This one's a bummer.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/RENAISSANCE/dp/B000QWOCWO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">RENAISSANCE</a>&nbsp;on the other hand is the Fudge's masterpiece!  PROGRAM--  SIDE ONE [2:55] Sketch PHASE ONE: [1:57] Intro: The Beat Goes On [0:46] 18th Century: Variations on a Theme by Mozart (Divertimento #13 in F Maj.) [0:46] 19th Century: Old Black Joe [3:09] 20th Century: Don't Fence Me In; 12th Street Rag; In The Mood; Hound Dog [1:45] The Beatles: I Want To Hold Your Hand; I Feel Fine; Day Tripper; She Loves You PHASE TWO: [1:32] The Beat Goes On [6:33] Beethoven: Fur Elise and Moonlight Sonata [1:05] The Beat Goes On  SIDE TWO [1:00] The Beat Goes On PHASE THREE: [8:09] Voices in Time: Neville Chamberlain; Winston Churchill; Franklin Roosevelt; Harry Truman; John Kennedy (and other voices) PHASE FOUR: [1:50] The Beat Goes On [8:57] Merchant/The Game Is Over [2:20] The Beat Goes On  TOTAL TIME: 42:44
2066 Just finished boo-hooing at the end of GOING MY WAY (1944). Wow, what a picture! Leo McCarey directed a Grand Slam with this one. It's easy to see why GMW won so many Oscars (SEVEN!).  I'd never seen it before today, can you believe it? Oh, and my follow-up is the Father O'Malley sequel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-BELLS-OF-ST-MARY-S/dp/6300207919/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE BELLS OF ST. MARY'S</a>&nbsp;(1945), another Bing Crosby/Leo McCarey collaboration.  But that first movie! Little Ris Stevens* singing Carmen's famous "Habanera" aria at the Met, the Robert Mitchell Boy's Choir, Gene Lockhart as the greedy banker, and of course, Barry ('ya-ta-ta-ta-tum') Fitzgerald, an old Protestant crossing himself the wrong way as a monsignor! Alfalfa Switzer appears at the beginning, a teen with a changed voice but still that recognizable face.  It's fine storytelling in classic style; a great family movie. Do NOT miss this one, even if you aren't Catholic.  (sings) Would you like to swing on a star Carry moonbeams home in a jar And be better off than you are Or would you rather be a mule?  *Note: This film proves that although Miss Stevens had a small voice she knew how to use it to great effect. Brava!  PS-- The 1994 MCA videotape of GOING MY WAY has Hi-Fi audio and a clean picture.
2067 Video and audio quality of this Diamond Jubilee VHS are top shelf!  GRAND HOTEL is a screen adaptation of a stageplay based on Vicki Baum's 1929 novel, "Menschen im Hotel."  As is mentioned, there's a "Grand Hotel" in every major European city.  The story opens and closes with an on-call physician's blas comment about the boring state of affairs at Grand Hotel. We soon learn how wrong his assessment is, for several lives briefly and serendipitously intertwine at the famous Berlin hostel. No one would leave GH totally unchanged by their experiences.  A top-shelf MGM cast make this Best Picture Oscar-winner always interesting. It's a must-see for all classic era film lovers if only to hear Garbo's legendary line, "I vant to be alone!"  "Grand Hotel" is available on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B0009S4IKQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>.  Also recommended: Another star-filled MGM ensemble appears in George Cukor's DINNER AT EIGHT (1933)  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS/dp/B000Q6NTNS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS</a>)  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD/dp/B0006Z2KXO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD</a>).  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (7.7) Grand Hotel (1932) - Greta Garbo/John Barrymore/Joan Crawford/Wallace Beery/Lionel Barrymore/Lewis Stone/Jean Hersholt/Tully Marshall
2068 Directed by Lee Strasberg, Clifford Odets' CLASH BY NIGHT had a relatively short Broadway run of 49 performances between 12/27/41 and 2/7/42. Opening night cast included Robert Ryan as Joe Doyle (Monroe's boyfriend in the film), Joseph Schildkraut as Earl, Lee J. Cobb as Jerry and Tallulah Bankhead as Mae.  Fritz Lang directed this drama set in a West Coast fishing village. After some years away, Mae Doyle (Stanwyck) unhappily returns home. In desperation and boredom, she marries boat operator Jerry D'Amato (Douglas), a good-natured simple bear of a man. Feeling stifled by domesticity, Mae gets involved in a torrid affair with Earl Pfeiffer (Ryan). When Jerry finds he's been betrayed, it tears their marriage apart. Mae must decide if she wants an uncertain future with the passionate Earl or the stability of life with Jerry and their baby girl.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.1) Clash By Night (1952) - Barbara Stanwyck/Paul Douglas/Robert Ryan/Marilyn Monroe/J. Carrol Naish/Keith Andes/Silvio Minciotti
2069 I saw Dolph Lundgren's name on BATTLE OF THE DAMNED (USA/Singapore-2013) and rented it without any further consideration. In retrospect, I wish I had thought twice. After 15 minutes I gave up on it altogether. My advice: do NOT waste your time or money on this stinkfest!  It's a hackneyed zombie film, where a lone man battles a city of infected creatures, slaying crowds of them with a knife. This plays like a mindless and mediocre arcade game.  In case you're wondering, Dolph's mission: rescue his commanding officer's daughter from a quarantined city where no one (or thing) can get in or out.  This is the absolute worst that shakicam has to offer, and after a point I could not, WOULD not subject myself to such garbage. Hope you don't, either.  (Currently overrated at 4.4 out of 10 at IMDb.)
2070 It's been said the the Ink Spots were a precursor to R&B and rock 'n' roll. More precisely, remove their idiosyncratic guitar riff intro and "Honey Chile" bass singer narration, and what's left is rudimentary doowop: a tenor lead over quietly droning vocal chords.  Beginning in 1944 with the death of bass vocalist and cello-as-bass player Hoppy Jones, this quartet's line-up was in a constant state of flux. Presented on DECCA's 1962 compilation of GOLDEN FAVORITES (DL-4297) are the original 78 Ink Spots sides in all their lower fidelity glory.  Their very first #1 single, "Address Unknown," is part of the program. The coda of "Set the World on Fire" has all four harmonizing. Hoppy's replacement, Herb Kenny does the talking on "To Each His Own." Deek Watson takes lead duties on "Don't Get Around Much Anymore." For all other sides, solos are by Bill Kenny, Herb's brother.  (Includes release years plus peak national Pop chart positions.)  SIDE ONE [3:04] If I Didn't Care (1939 - #2) [3:21] We Three (My Echo, My Shadow and Me) (1940 - #3) [3:14] My Prayer (1939 - #3) [2:43] Whispering Grass (Don't Tell the Trees) (10/40 - #10) [3:01] It's Funny to Everyone But Me [3:05] I Don't Want to Set the World on Fire (10/41 - #4)  SIDE TWO [3:08] To Each His Own (8/46 - #1, #3 R&B) [2:42] Do I Worry? (5/41 - #40) [2:58] Address Unknown (1939 - #1) [3:19] Someone's Rocking My Dream Boat (1/42 - #20) [3:00] Street of Dreams [3:04] Don't Get Around Much Anymore (2/43 - #2, #1 R&B)  TOTAL TIME: 36:39
2071 Transfer quality (especially of the seven stereo selections) on the MOTOWN LEGENDS compilation subtitled "I Second That Emotion"  is excellent. Two-pages of liner notes explain that William 'Smokey' Robinson was as integral to the label's success as the company's founder, Berry Gordy.  It was Robinson who encouraged songwriter Gordy to open his own recording studio and his group, the Miracles gave a struggling company their first million seller, "Shop Around." Royalties from this smash hit provided the cash necessary to improve studio equipment and hire other performing and/or writing talent. Smokey was again key here, for he discovered many who went on to super-stardom under the MOTOWN banner, and mentored these younger artists.  Robinson wrote hits for Motown up-and-comers and while acts or composers would eventually move on to other labels, Smokey always remained loyal to Berry Gordy. Yes, for these things and more, Mr. R. can indeed be called "the other Motown founder."  CD CONTENTS-- "Shop Around," "He Don't Care About Me," "After All" and "Money" are monaural tracks. Claudette Rogers Robinson (Smokey's then-Mrs.) sings lead on the middle two. Included is the Miracles' version of a Robinson-penned song the Temptations scaled the charts with-- "Get Ready."  TOTAL PLAYING TIME: 35:17
2072 WE'RE THE MILLERS (2013) with Jason Sudeikis, Jennifer Aniston, Emma Roberts and Will Poulter is a weird road picture where a smalltime pot dealer, in order to satisfy a debt to his supplier (an old college buddy), has to pick up a "smidge-and-a-half" of weed in Mexico and transport it back. He hatches a crazy scheme where he and three people he barely knows pretend to be a family as they cross the border in a humongous RV. The dealer's faux relations: an unemployed stripper who can't stand him, a homeless teen girl with a bad attitude, and a dorky boy her age whose klutziness is only exceeded by his lack of experience with the opposite sex.  This bit of weed they're picking up turns out to be two metric tons! It's stashed in every possible hiding place in their house on wheels. Two complications immediately occur: 1.) The pot actually belongs to a Mexican druglord (our unknowing dealer was conned by his buddy into stealing it) and he wants it back. 2.) Their motorhome blows a hose on a 10 incline. The family of fellow RVers that stops to assist is headed by a DEA agent on vacation!  With great dialogue and some bizarre sight gags and situations, I must've laughed 25 times during this movie, and I mean, out loud, long and hard. Funniest damn thing I've seen in years.
2073 KINO markets "Sidewalks of London" under its alternate title, ST. MARTIN'S LANE.  The title is the address of Charles Staggers (Laughton), who is one of a dying breed-- a busker. These street performers were a common sight in London in the early 20th Century. For coppers and shillings, they'd "work" a crowd waiting in line outside a legitimate theater. Dancers, musicians, comedians, tumblers, singers and orators all plied their wares then passed the hat around.  Liberty (Leigh) picks pockets when she's not dancing for coin. After he sees her dance, Charles asks Libby to be his busking partner. They later form a quartet with two musicians. Songwriter Prentiss gives the talented Libby a foot up onto the legitimate stage; she eventually becomes a star. (Also outstanding here is virtuoso harmonicanist Larry Adler, who plays both on-screen and off.)  ST. MARTIN'S LANE may be found on a KINO DVD double feature with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/WING-OF-THE-MORNING/dp/B00009YXEA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">WING OF THE MORNING</a>&nbsp;(1940), starring Henry Fonda. Also available from KINO is the British classic,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SOUTH-RIDING/dp/6304337531/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SOUTH RIDING</a>&nbsp;(1938), with Edna Best, Ralph Richardson and Edmund Gwenn.  (VHS only)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.  (7.0) St. Martin's Lane ("Sidewalks of London") (UK-1938) - Charles Laughton/Vivien Leigh/Rex Harrison/Larry Adler/Tyrone Guthrie/Maire O'Neill/Gus McNaughton
2074 Initially, one is struck by the superb audio clarity of Paul McCartney's WINGSPAN compilation-- these tracks have never sounded better. After that, you're overwhelmed by the sheer volume of quality material presented here-- forty remarkable recordings. Finally, the 24-page booklet filled with color photos of McCartney and band are the perfect dessert after a sumptuous feast. A spectacular package.  The album is divided into HITS and HISTORY. The first CD will be most appealing to those familiar only with Paul's singles, while the second disc will remind those who had his old albums of the incredible depth of this man's talents. Paul McCartney was nothing less than awesome-- a true superstar in every sense of the word, and this scrapbook of songs stands as testament to the fact.  TOTAL RUNNING TIME --  DISC ONE (HITS) -- 75:03  DISC TWO (HISTORY) -- 77:15
2075 Mono only Instrumental GOLDEN GOODIES Vol. 13 (R-25238) is the thirteenth of nineteen various artists collections issued by ROULETTE Records in 1963-'64.  Includes release dates, plus highest Billboard Hot 100 and R&B chart positions (where applicable).  SIDE ONE [2:08] Red River Rock - Johnny & the Hurricanes (8/59 - #5; #3) [2:45] Soul Twist - King Curtis (2/62 - #17; #1) [1:54] Wheels - The String-a-Longs (1/61 - n/a; #19) [2:04] The Whistling Organ - Dave Baby Cortez (6/59 - #61) [2:14] Ram-Bunk-Shush - Joey Dee & the Starliters [2:45] The Clouds - The Spacemen (10/59 - #46; #1)  SIDE TWO [2:47] Rinky Dink - Dave Baby Cortez (7/62 - #10; #9) [2:25] Reveille Rock - Johnny & the Hurricanes (11/59 - #25; #17) [2:04] The Happy Organ - Dave Baby Cortez (3/59 - #1; #5) [2:03] Wiggle Wobble - Les Cooper & the Soul Rockers (10/62 - #22; #12) [2:10] El Watusi - Ray Barretto y Su Charanga Moderna (4/63 - #17; #17) [2:09] Beatnik Fly - Johnny & the Hurricanes (2/60 - #15; n/a)  TOTAL TIME: 27:28
2076 Issued by UNITED ARTISTS in 1975, THE VERY BEST OF THE OLDIES Vol. 1 (UA-LA256-G / UA-LA384-E ) is the first of a four volume various artists collection. (Cover art of '74 edition is pink.) This budget-priced LP has no liner notes.  Includes release dates, plus peak Billboard R&B and Hot 100 chart positions (where applicable).  SIDE ONE [2:22] Let the Good Times Roll - Shirley & Lee (8/56 - #1; #20) [2:30] Little Bitty Pretty One - Thurston Harris (10/57 - #2; #6) [2:30] Itchy Twitchy Feeling - Bobby Hendricks (8/58 - #5; #25) [2:15] Come to Me - Marv Johnson (3/59 - #6; #30) [2:20] You're So Fine - The Falcons (4/59 - #2; #17) [1:54] Love Potion No. 9 - The Clovers (5/59 - #23; #23)  SIDE TWO [2:18] Ooh Poo Pah Doo (Part 1) - Jesse Hill [2:15] Ooh Poo Pah Doo (Part 2) - Jesse Hill (3/60 - #3; #28) [2:30] Mother-in-Law - Ernie K-Doe (3/61 - #1; #1) [2:13] You Can't Sit Down - Phil Upchurch Combo (6/61 - n/a; #29) [3:24] Cry Baby - Garnet Mimms & the Enchanters (8/63 - #1; #4) [2:35] Mockingbird - Inez & Charlie Foxx (6/63 - #2; #7) [2:22] I Know (You Don't Love Me No More) - Barbara George (11/61 - #1; #3)  TOTAL TIME: 31:28
2077 NOTE: This is NOT a DVD. It's a 12" Laserdisc. These record album-sized predecessors of today's DVDs were visually superior. Until the advent of Blu-Ray technology, Laserdiscs were the best video format available. .  MANHATTAN MURDER MYSTERY (1993) is an often frenetic Woody Allen whodunit spoof that reunites him with ANNIE HALL co-star Diane Keaton. Although they're great together, Allen scripted this long-time married couple as engaged in an annoying years-long bout of bickering. Also with Alan Alda as Woody's writer pal, who's been lusting after Keaton from afar, and Anjelica Huston as another author who's got her eye on Allen, her editor/mentor at a top NYC publisher.  Woody senses Alda and Diane are too cozy, so he fixes his buddy up with Huston, but this occurs after Keaton becomes obsessed with the sudden death of a next door neighbor, a woman she and Woody just met. Keaton's convinced the husband murdered his wife. Whether events and clues will eventually prove her correct you'll have to see for yourself. For certain the exploration of this mystery involves some pretty unusual and dangerous situations.  Also with Jerry Adler and Lynn Cohen as the neighbors, plus Ron Rifkin, Joy Behar and Marge Redmond, playing a late-arriving character who figures large in the story.
2078 Mono only GOLDEN GOODIES Vol. 6 (R-25216) is the sixth of nineteen various artists collections issued by ROULETTE Records in 1963-'64. From 8/63, it peaked at #86 on Billboard's 200 chart.  Includes release dates, plus highest Billboard R&B and Hot 100 chart positions (where applicable).  SIDE ONE [2:42] Goodnight, Well it's Time to Go  - The Spaniels (1954 - #5; n/a) [2:51] Oh What a Night - The Dells (1956 - #4; n/a) [2:50] When You Dance - The Turbans (1955 - #3; #33) [3:04] (I Remember) In the Still of the Nite - The Five Satins (9/56 - #3; #24) [2:58] Everyone's Laughing - The Spaniels (7/57 - #13; #69) [2:45] Up on the Mountain - The Magnificents (1956 - #9; n/a)  SIDE TWO [2:48] We Belong Together - Robert & Johnny (12/58 - #12; #32) [2:47] Ship of Love - The Nutmegs (1955 - #13; n/a) [2:56] Most of All - The Moonglows (1955 - #5; n/a) [2:35] There's Our Song Again - The Chantels [1:56] I'm Confessin' - The Chantels [2:52] Lovers Never Say Goodbye - The Flamingos (1/59 - #25; #52)  TOTAL TIME: 33:04
2079 Thomas Smothers III (b. 2/2/37) and Richard Smothers (b. 11/20/39) hold the distinction of being the longest-running comedy team in Show Biz history (52 years as of 2010). Their father was an Army major who died in WWII while a prisoner of the Japanese. The boys were raised in L.A. by their mom.  Original 1963 pressings of their fourth album "CURB YOUR TONGUE, KNAVE!" (SR 60862) are on MERCURY's black label. It was recorded "live" at Mr. Kelly's in Chicago, IL.  SIDE ONE-- "Church Bells" rewrites the Mayflower story, with Pilgrims landing at San Diego. "American History--1A" covers Johnny Appleseed and a hero of Tommy's (and no one else's!) "big tough Ben Covington." Tom stops midway through "Lonesome Traveler" to claim he's various comic book characters. In the Smothers universe, "Gnus" is pronounced 'guh-news."  SIDE TWO-- Tom's spastic playing on "Incredible Jazz Banjoist" thoroughly destroys "Whispering" and "Nola." After Dckie complains that his vocal of "I Talk to the Trees"  keeps getting interrupted, Tommy squelches him with this album's title. "Flamenco" features in Tom's words, "La Rosa Malague&ntilde;a Grenada." The final track ("Swiss Christmas") concludes with a breakneck rendition of the Israeli folk song, "Tzena Tzena Tzena, Tzena."  PROGRAM--  [4:25] Church Bells [5:09] American History--1A [4:16] Lonesome Traveler [2:29] Gnus  SIDE TWO [4:24] The Incredible Jazz Banjoist [3:40] I Talk to the Trees [2:51] Flamenco [4:35] Swiss Christmas  TOTAL TIME: 31:49
2080 Issued in 1980, Cheech & Chong's LET'S MAKE A NEW OPE DEAL (HS 3391) was their sixth of seven comedy albums and the first for WARNER BROS. Records. Audio quality is improved over their ODE LPs, with some nifty studio effects added, but the material isn't as strong as on their '70s releases. Side One is a suite of related tracks.  "SIDE" NOTES --  ONE -- 1.) Spoof of the George Lucas sci-fi epic opens with un-P.C. fey humor. 2.) Redneck couple can't get served, as she's "in drag." 3.) Multi-tracked bit at a Chinese restaurant. 4.) Mr. Redneck can't order a drink. 5.) Song where hamburgers are a sexual experience.  "SIDE" TWO -- 1.) Milwaukee DJ Buzz Wired makes random phone calls, trying to give away some BAM (Bumming Around Money). 2.) The same dummy ("Bob Btchin") from 5 years earlier bungles his way through the game and wins with a wrong answer. 3.) Headache sufferer visits a Chinese physician. 4.) Record company exec suffering from a headache is hounded by a pushy, overloud producer, who demos a punk single by Ronny Rump and the Rumptones. 5.) Two foul-mouthed Brit musicians quarrel and toss a telly out their hotel room window.  SIDE ONE [4:19] Quer Wars [3:10] Disco Disco [5:54] China Town [2:40] Rainbow Bar & Grill [4:56] Bloat On  SIDE TWO [4:36] Drk Radio [5:32] Let's Make a New ope Deal [5:01] Acupuncture [5:17] Moe Money (Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer") [3:01] 17th American Tour  TOTAL TIME: 44:36
2081 Made during the height of Beatlemania, director Richard Lester's A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is a b&w simulation of a day in the life of the Fab Four that includes a live TV show concert. Superb rapid-paced dialogue comes across as ad-lib; the boys show much acting and comedic talent. Unforgettable music also in what is the very finest of this genre.  Songs performed or heard on soundtrack: "A Hard Day's Night," "I Should Have Known Better," "I Wanna Be Your Man," "Don't Bother Me," "All My Loving," "If I Fell," "Can't Buy Me Love," "I'm Happy Just to Dance with You," "Tell Me Why," "She Loves You" and "This Boy (Ringo's Theme)"<--(George Martin orchestra).  Cameos by George Harrison's future wife, Pattie, a very young Phil Collins (drummer/vocalist for Genesis), and as "Tall Dancer at the Disco," Jeremy Lloyd, co-creator and producer of the perennially popular BBC TV sitcom,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ARE-YOU-BEING-SERVED/dp/B002I9TZHA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ARE YOU BEING SERVED?</a>&nbsp;Lester himself appears briefly as "Man in Back of the Stage."  Several years later, the film's associate producer Denis O'Dell was lampooned by John as "Mr. Denis O'Bell" during his spoken intro of the Beatles' single flipside, "You Know My Name (Look Up the Number)." With mouth firmly on mike, Paul (as Denis) then croons a lounge lizard vocal of this strange tune.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.6) A Hard Day's Night (UK-1964) - The Fabs/Wilfred Brambell/Norman Rossington/John Junkin/Victor Spinetti/John Bluthal (uncredited: Pattie Boyd/Phil Collins/Jeremy Lloyd/Richard Lester)
2082 TASCAM's TH-MX2 closed-back headphones are a decently priced product, lightweight, with a respectable 15 Hz to 22 Khz response.  As is often the case, you get only what you pay for. These are by no means luxurious. Plastic earpads, a fairly thin straight (rather than coiled) wire, a gold-colored " phone jack adapter and an imitation leather storage bag emblazoned with gigantic silver TASCAM block letters are the whole package.  I am pleased that these don't pinch my head too tightly, so I haven't felt a need to escape from under them after 10 minutes. Will continue using my TH-MX2 'phones on an every day basis to see how they hold up. More here, if necessary.
2083 When the fight scenes in a boxing movie lack punch, as they do in SPLIT DECISION, it's the cinematic equivalent of a TKO.  This is the story of an Irish-American family from NYC's Hell's Kitchen. Patriarch Dan McGuinn (Hackman) is a retired boxer and son of a former pugilist (McLiam). His two boys have followed in the family trade. Ray (Fahey) is a small-time pro middleweight and the younger Eddie (Sheffer) a Golden Gloves winner with Olympic aspirations.  Ray is accidentally beat to death after he defies corrupt promoter Benny Pistone (Tolkan) and refuses to lay down against 'Snake' Pedroza (Velez). Eddie abandons any gold medal dreams for a chance to avenge his brother in the ring against Snake.  (Note: Jennifer Beals has a minor role here; she is not trying to save L.A. from destruction!)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (5.5) Split Decisions (1988) - Craig Sheffer/Jeff Fahey/Gene Hackman/John McLiam/Jennifer Beals/Eddie Velez/James Tolkan
2084 Fans of the British label ASV Living Era well know that their CDs of vintage 78s have the finest sound of any on the market. Every track is absolutely tick, pop and distortion-free, with high frequencies unmuffled by oppressive filtering. If this is your first experience with ASV's albums, you're in for an absolute treat.  As this is being typed, I'm listening to Tommy Dorsey's famous theme song, "I'm Getting Sentimental Over You" on a set of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SONY-MDR-7506-STUDIO-MONITOR/dp/B000AJIF4E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SONY MDR-7506 STUDIO MONITOR</a>&nbsp;headphones. The presence, clarity and condition of the record itself are nothing less than astounding. It's like he's in the room tromboning just for yours truly. Of the countless dozens of times I've heard this track from any number of sources, none have ever sounded so fine! Certainly a personal favorite, Bunny Berigan's "I Can't Get Started" will be even better. Oh... he's on now.. I gotta go!  Buy this CD. Just wait, you'll thank me for the recommendation!  TOTAL PLAYING TIME: 75:27  Also from ASV: <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SING-ME-A-SWING-SONG/dp/B000001HGN/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SING ME A SWING SONG</a>&nbsp;is another high-quality offering that features the vocal talents of the Boswell Sisters, Ella Fitzgerald, Bing Crosby, Fats Waller, Annette Hanshaw, Biilie Holiday, Jack Teagarden, Cab Calloway, Mildred Bailey, Louis Armstrong, Ethel Waters, Ruth Etting and more!
2085 The CBS AFTERNOON PLAYHOUSE presented two-hour stories geared to adolescents. This precursor of "CBS Schoolbreak Specials" aired infrequently from Nov. '79 to mid-1983. Actors who appeared in the series include Danny Bonaduce, Ronny Cox, Tyne Daly, Andrew Duggan, Arlene Golonka, Helen Hunt, Carol Lawrence, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Lynn Redgrave, Ally Sheedy, David Ogden Stiers and Eric Stoltz.  DANGEROUS COMPANY was originally broadcast on 2/9/82. It's based on the true story of Ray Johnston, a recidivist criminal who upon his latest parole determines to go "straight." The teleplay is typical of this series: a capable cast and a good script carefully focused on its preteen target audience.  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (4.6) Dangerous Company (TV-1982) - Beau Bridges/Alan Autry/Karen Carlson/Jan Sterling/Ralph Macchio
2086 The title M comes from a chalk mark (for 'murderer') placed by a beggar on the back of a suspected serial child killer.  Fritz Lang's M (1931) remains remarkably modern despite premiering in the early sound era. Peter Lorre as the homicidal maniac shines in the last 20 minutes or so, after he's cornered by an organized gang of street people and taken to an abandoned warehouse for a mock trial by every grifter, burglar, robber and miscreant in Berlin.  Nothing Lorre ever did subsequently approaches the passion and fear for his life that he exudes in this unfogettable scene in front of a crowd of low-lifes who convicted him even before he was ever apprehended.  Lang's experimentation here with extreme camera angles, shadows, rapid cuts and earthy language surpass anything then being done in the U.S. and because of these, M has a timeless quality.  The film originally ran 117 minutes and was cut drastically for a 1960 re-release to just over 90. In recent years, bits and pieces long ago excised have been found and restored, so that with DVD editions such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CRITERION-COLLECTION/dp/B00065GX64/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CRITERION COLLECTION</a>'s, M now clocks in at 109+ minutes.
2087 Many '60s bands were great in concert- but not all. Some played their hits very much like the original recordings, while others used a live performance setting to experiment, expand, expound and expose their material to fresh ideas, both vocally and instrumentally. If you enjoy the latter, JEFFERSON AIRPLANE LIVE AT FILLMORE EAST will not disappoint you.  Give this group credit for the willingness to mold and morph their songs  improvisationally and in public, but subtract points where these well-intentioned efforts made a mess out of what had previously been nicely structured works. The latter results occur far too often in the 1968 concert songs presented here. Grace Slick's "What?" during the start of "Wild Tyme" almost says it all for me. Not only would I ask "What?" of the Airplane, I'd follow that up with a big "Why?" Neither question gets answered here.  TOTAL RUNNING TIME -- 76:22
2088 As of 9/09, this was the only available DVD package of Edgar Kennedy's "Average Man" shorts. The set is flawed only because his earliest classic work gets little representation here. Like Laurel & Hardy, Mr. Kennedy's funniest two-reelers were all created before 1937.  The supporting cast (Edgar's family) changed a bit from the series' 1931 inception until its 1948 finish. For example, Florence Lake was the ideal flighty mile-a-minute talking wife, while Sally Payne, seen briefly in the early 1940s, took a different approach to the Mrs. Kennedy role. In these years, Irene Ryan (Granny on THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES) also appeared in some of Edgar's comedies.  Note that Florence Lake did return to the cast after a few years' hiatus and stayed with the series to its conclusion. However, her yammering scatterbrain is most exuberant in the first few dozen productions.
2089 IN LOVE AND WAR is the true story of the highest ranking American Vietnam War prisoner, and his 8-year ordeal of torment and interrogation.  In 1965, Navy Commander Jim Stockdale's fighter plane is shot down. He's captured by the North Vietnamese and sent to Hoa Lo prison (aka the "Hanoi Hilton") where Stockdale (Woods) is subjected to almost daily torture. During nearly a decade of internment, he develops a clandestine communications system with other prisoners and organizes a resistance group against their inhumane captors.  Stockdale's wife Sybil (Alexandra) has been urged by the military to keep quiet about her husband. She instead contacts other POW wives and they pressure the American government to disclose what's known about their spouses. The wives' coalition also demands a public admission that our men are being physically abused in Hanoi. These efforts make Sybil an international celebrity.  Also recommended: THE HANOI HILTON (1987) reveals in detail the many barbarities inflicted on American detainees over an 8-year period.  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VHS-edition/dp/6302815665/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VHS edition</a>)  (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DVD-edition/dp/B001AX67TE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DVD edition</a>)  Parenthetical number is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (5.9) In Love and War (TV-1987) - James Woods/Jane Alexander/Concetta Tomei/Richard McKenzie/James Pax/Haing S. Ngor/John Cedar/Sally Klein/Lillian Lehman/Lou Fant/Leo Geter/Steven Vincent Leigh/James Lashly
2090 All of BUENA VISTA's "Cartoon Capers" videotapes clock in at under a half hour, with only three animated shorts per edition. The first in this set is Max F. without his studio, the second comes from PARAMOUNT's Famous cartoon division and the last is a FLEISCHER company classic.  This fifth edition in the series (subtitled "Wacky Winter Wonderland") features:  RUDOLPH, THE RED NOSED REINDEER (1944) - Rare post-Fleischer Studios short directed by Max F. himself  tells the famous holiday story in verse.  THE SKI'S THE LIMIT (1949) - Swiss-cheesy singalong features yodeling clocks, holey cheese and a Jimmy Durante caricature.  PEEPING PENGUINS (1937) - Four little penguins ignore their mom and explore a hunting cabin, where they find trouble.  RELATED ITEM: <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CARTOON-CAPERS-VOL-6/dp/6301758501/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CARTOON CAPERS, VOL. 6</a>&nbsp;includes these animations: "A Car-Tune Portrait," "King for a Day" and "Little Lambkins."
2091 Fiedler's friends and the songs they perform:  Carnevale di Venezia - Al Hirt (trumpet) Country Gentleman - Chet Atkins (guitar) Love is Here to Stay - Peter Nero (piano) The Girl from Ipanema - Stan Getz (sax) Sophisticated Lady - Duke Ellington (piano) Because - Kate Smith (alto) Concerto symphonique for Piano No. 4 in D minor, Op. 102: Scherzo - Leonard Pennario (piano) I Wonder as I Wander - Leontyne Price (soprano) I Got Rhythm - Peter Nero (piano) The Last Waltz - Chet Atkins (guitar) Satin Doll - Duke Ellington (piano) Orange Blossom Special - Chet Atkins (guitar) Be My Love - Kate Smith (alto) Java - Al Hirt (trumpet) Embraceable You - Peter Nero (piano) A Song After Sundown - Stan Getz (sax) Ave Maria - Leontyne Price (soprano) Caravan - Duke Ellington (piano)
2092 In 1964-65, the Three Stooges of the COLUMBIA feature film era, Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Joe De Rita, shot dozens of live wraparounds and voiced dozens of CAMBRIA co. cartoons.  This low budget GENIUS ENTERTAINMENT collection offers nine of these shorts that have long been in the public domain. On every set I've ever seen, the live-actor segments are badly degraded with washed-out colors.  Even though the manufacturer claims these are "full-length episodes," there's no guarantee you'll get anything more than the animations, so caveat emptor. .  CONTENTS  BABY SITTERS (1965) - The Stooges take childcare classes.  THE BIGGER THEY ARE, THE HARDER THEY HIT (1965) - Boxing, 3 Stooge-style.  BOOBS IN THE WOODS (1965) - The 3 Stooges goof around in the Great Outdoors.  CALL OF THE WILE (1965) - An elusive lion disguises himself as a trophy in the 3 Stooges' hunting cabin.  DENTIST THE MENACE (1965) - Moe and Larry try pulling Curly's bad tooth.  DINO POODI (1965) - The owner of a pet shop tries giving the Stooges a large, ugly animal that he can't sell.  DON'T MISBEHAVE INDIAN BRAVE (1965) - While camping, the Stooges encounter a Native American.  DROLL WEEVIL (1965) - Crop-dusting Stooges try to kill a persistent insect.
2093 Among the many bargain price DVDs, CATCOM's double features are highly regarded by home video collectors. .  Director Delbert Mann's well-done TV movie THE LAST DAYS OF PATTON picks up the general's story right where the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/1970-Oscar-winning-blockbuster/dp/B000EHSVS2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">1970 Oscar-winning blockbuster</a>&nbsp;leaves off.  In occupied post-war Germany, George S. Patton Jr. is critcized for giving ex-Nazis important jobs in the area under his command. Patton's intemperate remarks about starting WWIII with the Soviets forces his removal as head of the 3rd Army.  George's plans to retire and go home are ended with a car accident that paralyzes him. After lingering for months in a German military base hospital, he dies at age 60. Also seen in flashback are Patton's many fond memories of youth and early military career.  . ESCAPE FROM SOBIBOR is nothing less than remarkable: a gripping true story of a WWII mass escape from the concentration camp located in occupied Poland. To avoid land mines buried all around this site, 600 prisoners charged the front gate en masse and broke through. Machine gun fire killed half their number; the rest made it to freedom. This tragedy-turned-triumphant is a story never to be forgotten. Highest recommendation!  Parenthetical number preceding title are 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll ratings.  (7.5) Escape From Sobibor (TV-UK/Yugoslavia-1987) - Alan Arkin/Joanna Pacula/Rutger Hauer/Jack Shepherd/Howard K. Smith (narrator)  (6.3) The Last Days of Patton (TV-1986) - George C. Scott/Eva Marie Saint/Richard Dysart/Murray Hamilton/Ed Lauter/Ron Berglas/Erika Hoffman
2094 The original Elia Kazan Broadway production of Tennessee Williams' Pulitzer Prize-winning CAT ON A HOT TIN ROOF had 694 performances between 3/24/55 and 11/17/56. Opening night cast included Burl Ives as Big Daddy, Ben Gazzara as Brick and Barbara Bel Geddes as Maggie.  In the Richard Brooks film version, Ives is superb reprising his role of a wealthy Southern family patriarch. He's dying of cancer but, because of the "mendacity" all around him, is led to believe otherwise. Newman as his alcoholic ex-gridiron star younger son Brick is equally brilliant. Taylor has never looked better than she did for Maggie 'the Cat,'  the unhappily childless wife of Brick.  Carter and Sherwood as older son 'Gooper' and wife Mae are brazenly after Big Daddy's estate and he knows it. They and an uncontrollable brood of "no-necked monsters" are barely tolerated by the old man, who keeps hoping that Brick and Maggie will deliver a worthy heir to his plantation kingdom. Highest recommendation!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (8.0) Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958) - Elizabeth Taylor/Paul Newman/Burl Ives/Jack Carter/Judith Anderson/Madeleine Sherwood/Larry Gates/Vaughn Taylor/Vince Townsend
2095 Robert Parrish's JOURNEY TO THE FAR SIDE OF THE SUN (aka Doppelgnger) (1969) looks and feels like a '60s 007 picture, especially when Herbert Lom removes an eyeball that's been converted to a mini-spy camera.  Clearly, the UK release of this sci-fier showed an unconcern for plot spoilers, as anyone who knows or looks up the meaning of 'doppelgnger' has the plot twist nailed. Not that this one's such a mystery, for the first time we see an instrument panel with all the words spelled backwards, or ink pens in a right breast pocket or men's shirts that button from the left, us 'with-it' movie-goers pretty much know what the deal is here. And so we wait for the folks on-screen to figure it all out, too.  To synopsize, when a planet is discovered orbiting the sun on the same path of and directly opposite Earth, two men are sent into space to investigate. They crash land home far too soon after launch and only pilot Col. Glenn Ross (Roy Thinnes) survives. Denying that he aborted the flight and turned around, Ross soon notices that everything is backwards: writing, car steering wheels, the interior of his own home. While Ross ponders this conundrum and his examiners wonder why the colonel's heart is on the wrong side of his chest, we yawn, then get up and go buy a box of Milk Duds and another soda.  It's fun seeing neat antique special effects in this Technicolor fantasy adventure and if you've nothing more pressing to do you'll probably watch it to the very end. Not 'required viewing' by any means, but still a decent movie.
2096 Family Values MOVIE CLASSICS is one of many smaller DVD purveyors who market public domain films that are often in unrestored condition. Picture and sound quality is solely dependent on source material. "Below fair to good" is typical for their product.  Parenthetical numbers preceding titles are 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll ratings.  (5.4) GINGER IN THE MORNING (1972) - Monte Markham, Susan Oliver, Mark Miller, Sissy Spacek, Slim Pickens, David Doyle, Fred Ward, Beatrice Kay While driving to his New Mexican ranch home from the airport, a recently-divorced man gives a ride to a thumbing hippie girl half his age. They quickly hit it off and, rather than be lonely, decide to spend New Year's together. That's when his Korean War buddy shows up, high as a kite and depressed that his ex and kids totally excluded  him this holiday season. Impressive performances from Markham, Spacek and screenwriter Miller, who also co-starred as Jim Nash in TV's PLEASE DON'T EAT THE DAISIES.  (6.7) KATHERINE (TV-1975) - Art Carney, Sissy Spacek, Henry Winkler, Julie Kavner, Jane Wyatt, Barbara Harris, Todd Bridges Based on a true story, Kate is an estranged chld of wealth whose activism for the economically-oppressed brings her eventually into the Weathermen movement. She's killed trying to plant a timebomb in a public place when the device detonates prematurely. Every so often, Katey, dressed in white and seated on a tall stool against a white background, comments on her own story, until the final scene of an empty stool.
2097 ANOTHER DAY, ANOTHER WORLD (V15032) is the fifth VERVE blue w/silver label comedy album by Jonathan Winters. It was recorded at the first stop on his initial West Coast tour, the San Jose Civic Auditorium, on 1/23/61. As in previous records, Jonathan combines prepared materal with ad-libs, peppering his amusing stories with character voices and vocal sound effects. His own highly publicized emotional struggles are alluded to a couple of times.  "SIDE" NOTES--  ONE -- 1.) Greets San Jose audience / Fruit picking /&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SWISS-FAMILY-ROBINSON/dp/B0001IMCF2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON</a>&nbsp;/ Seeing a bear; 2.) Karloff spoof where he and Igor create an 18-foot-tall monster / The "visibox machine" / Melvin; 3.) "A jungle picture with a great message" / Plane ditches on remote tropical island. Its pilot and co-pilot are caught stealing a giant emerald from a goddess statue by Lionel Barrymore.  TWO --  1.) JFK impression; 2.) "...that's how the South lost the war." 3.) Football star ciggy ad / Dirty pictures / Parisian vacation / Statue photos; 4.) Location pins on map of the moon / Audience request: Ivy League ad man; 5.) Various ethnic sub crew members; 6.) Semi- hits a cat on Rte. 6; 7.) "Come on, Martha-- I've got to GO!" / Problem #6 on the chalkboard  SIDE ONE [5:20] Opening -- California [5:12] Igor and the Monster [7:07] The Lost Island  SIDE TWO [0:46] New Frontiers [0:34] Civil War [3:59] TV Commercials and American in Paris [6:03] Moon Map and Ivy Leaguer [2:33] Human Torpedo [1:40] Sail Cat [2:10] My School Days  TOTAL TIME: 35:24
2098 WYNCOTE was a budget line label created by CAMEO/PARKWAY in 1964. Although plagued from the start by surface hiss, bumps and other pressing irregularities, there were over 200 titles in the WYNCOTE catalog when the parent company ceased production in 1967. Some of the LP's were darn good, material-wise.  Issued in both mono (W 9053) and simulated stereo (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SW-9053/dp/B0017S31XW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SW 9053</a>), SHINDIG WITH THE STARS was mastered on 11/14-16/64 and remastered on 1/6/65 and 5/14/65. It features six charters and some lesser-known tunes by CAMEO/PARKWAY artists.  Includes release dates plus highest Billboard Hot 100 and R&B chart positions (where applicable). SIDE ONE Groovy Tonight - Bobby Rydell (12/60 - #70, na) Bon-Doo-Wah - The Orlons (12/63 - #55, #17) Where Did I Go Wrong - Dee Dee Sharp (2/64 - #82, #38) Sloppy Joe - Jo Ann Campbell Twenty Miles - Chubby Checker (2/63 - #15, #15)  SIDE TWO Loddy Lo - Chubby Checker (11/63 - #12, #4) Be My Girl - The Dovells Childhood Sweetheart - Bobby Rydell Somewhere - The Tymes (12/63 - #19, #35, #8 AC) He's Got the Whole World in His Hands - Dee Dee Sharp
2099 Fred Astaire was originally offered the lead in YANKEE DOODLE DANDY. Among the many still familiar George Cohan compositions featured here is "The Love Nest," an instrumental version of which was theme song for the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/George-Burns-Gracie-Allen/dp/B000ANE9LI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">George Burns & Gracie Allen</a>&nbsp;radio and TV shows.  Michael Curtiz directed this fictionalized, unabashedly flag waving biopic of the first actor to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor, George M. Cohan. A delightful musical that covers his boyhood rise in late 19th Century vaudeville to national acclaim in the early 20th. There are recreations from several of George's stage hits, including LITTLE JOHNNY JONES (1904), the first American musical.  Cagney delights with singing and loose-jointed dancing, especially in the title song (from the previously mentioned "Jones"). He's outstanding in an Oscar-winning turn as the man they erected a statue to on Broadway. Highest recommendation!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.  (7.6) Yankee Doodle Dandy (1942) - Jimmy Cagney/Joan Leslie/Walter Huston/Richard Whorf/Irene Manning/George Tobias/Rosemary DeCamp/Jeanne Cagney/Frances Langford/Eddie Foy Jr.
2100 RHINO's SPIKE JONES ANTHOLOGY is a comprehensive and hilarious gathering of some of the best City Slickers 1940s and early '50s recordings. With a body of work as extensive as that of Spike Jones, naturally individual favorites might have gotten overlooked, yet no other Jones/Slickers album of this size contains so many super tracks. Sound quality is excellent on these 78 record to digital transfers. A highly informative 52-page booklet completes the package. For all lovers of zany music. Highest recommendation.  TOTAL RUNNING TIMES -- DISC ONE -- 59:28 DISC TWO -- 63:44
2101 107 KNOCKOUTS runs approximately 140 minutes, an average of a minute and a few seconds per bout.  With research I discovered there's a series of these mega-boxing highlight DVDs:  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/101-Knockouts-De-Campeonato/dp/B001JRBF7U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">101 Knockouts De Campeonato</a>&nbsp;(miscategorized in SPORTS & OUTDOORS)  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/100-Clasicos-Knockouts/dp/B000YG6OS2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">100 Clasicos Knockouts</a>  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/103-Knockouts/dp/B002RC7G7O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">103 Knockouts</a>  105 Knockouts  The manufacturer, IMPACTO DEPORTIVO, may be an outside-the-US concern. (Their website seems to have disappeared.) I.D. offers here a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/4-DVD-Caesar-Chavez-collection/dp/B000UWB1H4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">4-DVD Caesar Chavez collection</a> that purportedly weighs TEN POUNDS (almost ten bucks for shipping).  How legal all these titles are is anyone's guess. Superimposing a watermark over a broadcaster's ID isn't a good sign, though.
2102 The double LP set of WINWOOD was issued as UAS-9950 by UNITED ARTISTS (UA) in 1971 after Stevie's band, Traffic left the label for ISLAND. As it was unauthorized, some legal action from Winwood and ISLAND caused the album's brief recall, but it soon reappeared as UAS-9964 with no change to the track order or content.  All here are familiar. Best is of course subjective. My favorites are "Stevie's Blues," "Forty Thousand Headmen," "Heaven is in Your Mind" and "Cross Roads."  This 1966 to '70 sampling of Steve Winwood's best early stuff is still good listening for any of his fans, myself included.  SIDE ONE [2:42] Keep on Running - The Spencer Davis Group [1:57] Somebody Help Me - The Spencer Davis Group [2:22] Goodbye Stevie - The Spencer Davis Group [2:32] Cross Roads - Powerhouse [2:53] Gimme Some Lovin' - The Spencer Davis Group  SIDE TWO [2:48] I'm a Man - The Spencer Davis Group [3:37] Can't Get Enough of It - The Spencer Davis Group [3:50] Stevie's Blues - The Spencer Davis Group [3:23] Paper Sun - Traffic [4:02] Heaven is in Your Mind - Traffic [2:44] Coloured Rain - Traffic  SIDE THREE [5:33] Dear Mr. Fantasy - Traffic [2:36] Smiling Phases - Traffic [2:44] Dealer - Traffic [3:36] Medicated Goo - Traffic [3:15] Forty Thousand Headmen - Traffic [5:15] Vagabond Virgin - Traffic  SIDE FOUR [5:25] Sea of Joy - Blind Faith [4:45] Empty Pages - Traffic [4:05] Stranger To Himself - Traffic [6:02] Freedom Rider - Traffic  TOTAL TIME: 76:06
2103 The eight sitcom episodes on this GENIUS ENTERTAINMENT product are certainly tempting. Be advised however that the description "sound enhanced" means cheesy modern music that's used in place of theme songs or during breaks in action where background score is all you hear.  Programs thus tampered with are very annoying, especially to those who remember how they originally sounded. I made the mistake of buying one of GENIUS's TV Guide "sound enhanced" box sets, but won't be purchasing others.  Change the channel.
2104 STREISAND SUPERMAN (JC 34830) was released in June of 1977.  The LP was a big seller worldwide, peaking at #4 on Billboard's 200, #1 in Canada, #11 in Australia and #32 in the UK. RIAA Certified Double Platinum in America, the album also went Gold in Australia, all on the strength of its single, "My Heart Belongs to Me," which peaked at #4 on the Hot 100 and was four weeks at #1 on Billboard's AC chart.  With "New York State of Mind" Barbra covers relative newcomer, Billy Joel. "Lullaby for Myself" is by Rupert Holmes, "Baby Me Baby" by Roger Miller. Kim Carnes composed the lyrics of "Love Comes from Unexpected Places" and Paul Williams did the same for "Answer Me." Alan Gordon ("Happy Together") wrote "My Heart Belongs to Me." This song was originally considered for inclusion in the film remake of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-STAR-IS-BORN/dp/B000AYEL1A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A STAR IS BORN</a>&nbsp;(1976).  SIDE ONE [2:47] Superman [3:36] Don't Believe What You Read [4:25] Baby Me Baby [3:49] I Found You Love [3:16] Answer Me  SIDE TWO [3:20] My Heart Belongs to Me [3:13] Cabin Fever [4:08] Love Comes From Unexpected Places [4:43] New York State of Mind [3:15] Lullaby For Myself  TOTAL TIME: 36:32
2105 This morning I borrowed MOVIE 43 (2012) from a REDBOX kiosk and was looking forward to seeing it, until just now, when I checked it out at IMDb. A low rating (4.4) wasn't immediately discouraging, for I often disagree with IMDb voters on a picture's worth.  Their synopsis: "A series of interconnected short films follows a washed-up producer as he pitches insane story lines featuring some of the biggest stars in Hollywood."  There are 11 directors and 16 producers involved with this opus. The only one I'm familiar with, Bob Odenkirk, co-hosted the HBO sketch comedy series,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MR-SHOW/dp/B000CQQID0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MR. SHOW</a>.  The cast list of MOVIE 43 includes Dennis Quaid, Greg Kinnear, Hugh Jackman, Kate Winslet, Liev Schreiber, Naomi Watts, Kieran Culkin, Richard Gere, Emma Stone, Kate Bosworth, Uma Thurman, Patrick Warburton, Halle Berry, Tony Shaloub (uncredited) and an incredibly huge number of others. Seems promising, but then....  After reading several reviews I see now why it's so low rated: the film is merely a bunch of scatological scenarios, one more gross than the other. It's the sort of picture you either love, perhaps because you were stoned when watching it, or hate, because the film is meant to offend the sensibilities and succeeds.  Well, I wasn't high when "43" ran on my laptop PC and I do have my standards. Yes there's parts that made me cringe, but I definitely laughed at others, so I'm right in the middle on it.  PS-- remember: don't stick anything in iBabe that you're not willing to lose.
2106 CLOVERFIELD (2008) is a nightmarish, emotionally exhausting sci-fier in which a terrified monster alien attacks and destroys buildings and inhabitants of NY's Manhattan island.  None of the small group of young folks we meet at story's beginning survive the carnage. All that remains of them is a camcorder tape, and it's this tape that IS the entire movie. An original concept well executed.  One of the best science fiction films to come along in years. Highest recommendation.
2107 RICHARD THE LIONHEART (USA/Italy-2013) features Malcolm McDowell and a no-name cast. Alas, its stink 3.0 IMDb rating is well-earned, for "Richard" is every bit as rancid as reviewers suggest. Like indigestion, speed traps or mummers parades, this film is to be avoided at all costs.  Cartoonishly harsh visuals don't help to convey the story, which isn't worth trying to fathom anyway. It plays like a dank video game with levels to be achieved. (Accomplish these three tasks and get out of jail free.)  After all the bad photography and special effects, crap music and out of place dialog like "I want to keep my options open," the big har-de-har comes at the fadeout when McDowell sneers into the camera and announces "We're going to war!" A sequel? No way! Yes way, it seems. As of this posting, writer/producer/director Stefano Milla is hard at work on RICHARD THE LIONHEART: REBELLION and guess who ISN'T in the cast?..............That's right, Malcolm McDowell. But fear not Lionheart fans, for Gregory Chandler (aka Chandler Maness) returns as Richard, plus 'B' horror movie superstar Debbie Rochon will play Eleanore of Acquitaine. Oh bliss.
2108 Among the many cameos in director Tom Schiller's bizarre cult film NOTHING LASTS FOREVER (1984) is Calvert DeForest, best known to early David Letterman fans as Larry "Bud" Melman, a fat little guy with a high pitched voice and a "glad to be here no matter the reason" demeanor.  Perhaps because Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels is one of this film's producers, two SNL alumni, Bill Murray and Dan Akyroyd, have minor roles.  The cheesy lunar landscape set reminds one of an equally cardboard FORBIDDEN ZONE (1980), yet the stories are as different as can be.  It's the story of a young man who wishes to be an artist. He's given the chance to travel to the moon on a standard commuter bus. Once arrived, this being an MGM picture, a musical number with semi-munchkin pretensions accompanies the many space voyagers as they're transported to a lunar shopping center called MOON-O-RAMA ("Carousel of Consumer Values").  Typical of "classic era" musicals, the story screeches to a brief halt during the female lead's solo spot. No worries, for the plot then immediately resolves (after our falling hero screams, "STELLLLLLLLAAAA!").  Folks who have seen this most rare film either want to view it again, or wish they hadn't the first time. If you've read this far, you're probably a "Nothing Lasts Forever" fan. As for me, I always enjoy obscure, quasi-surreal, pseudo-antique cinema, and this 82 minute film surely fits that description!  BTW... This picture may never reach official home video, but rejoice, it can be found at such websites as Rare Movies Worldwide, and for an incredibly reasonable price. (No, I'm not affiliated with them!)
2109 Dutch label TEE-VEE presents 20 shrill, somewhat dissonant and definitely inferior re-recordings by at least SOME of the Platters. These performances are lousy-- forget this one!  PLAYLIST--  The Great Pretender  Smoke Gets In Your Eyes  (You've Got) The Magic Touch  Harbor Lights  I Love You 1000 Times  Heaven On Earth  Sweet, Sweet Lovin'  If I Had A Love  Why  Unchained Melody  Twilight Time  My Prayer  Only You (And You Alone)  I'm Sorry  One In A Million  Red Sails In The Sunset  Washed Ashore (On A Lonely Island In The Sea)  I Love You Because  My Way  Doesn't It Ring a Bell
2110 In the one-hour 1965 video originally called simply "Lenny Bruce," a clearly distracted Lenny thumbs through a NY court transcript and recreates bits that during his trial were misquoted, misinterpreted and maligned. Occasional audience giggles are heard, but only after vulgarities. His listeners are obviously not attuned to Bruce's concerns. Selfishly or otherwise, they want to be entertained.  After some amusement over a mime group arrested in a park, Lenny talks of his three obscenity busts and using the transcript as a guide he performs major portions of these routines: T & A, Jackie Kennedy fleeing the limo, Judaism, cheating and male arousal (doing it with a chicken), urinating in the sink and off a ledge, the flasher. Bruce asserts the prosecution's statement that his "monologues insulted sex, debased it" has totally confused what is prurient with what is art, and thus this conclusion is legally and logically flawed.  Setting aside the papers, Lenny closes with a 20 minute free-association pastiche of his better-known material mixed with random thoughts. In rapid order he covers Alaska, the decorative stone wall behind him, Chicago mobsters disrupting Shelley Berman's act, a Miami Beach heckler who hit Bruce with a wine glass and the bouncer's retaliation, narcotics, a lengthy recreation of the Father Flotsky prison movie, " 'to' is a preposition, 'come' is a verb." His closing thought is about jealous men.  For any fan of this tortured genius, "Lenny Bruce" is a must-see. And for those who enjoy Richard Pryor, George Carlin or Robin Williams, you'll experience here the last flickers of brilliance from the man who inspired them to become comedians. Highly recommended.
2111 The Great Tiki Drink Book is an excellent introduction into the drinks that were spawned from the tiki culture.  The book starts off with an introduction to the tiki culture tracing its roots from Don the Beachcomber and Trader Vic in the late 1930's to the present day tiki revival.  The drink recipes are easy to follow and there are handy footnotes on where to find certain unusual ingredients that are part of the recipes.  The book also contains tiki inspired food recipes that will help you create your very own tiki party.
2112 The King Of Queens is one of the most underrated sitcoms of all time.  It wasn't ground breaking in anyway, but it was one thing that many sitcoms are not...consistently hilarious.  For sure you can pick out some clunker episodes over the course of nine seasons, but every season has multiple roll on the floor laughing your butt off episodes.  The characters all work well together and during the course of the series' run, every cast member was giving a chance to shine. Of course what really makes the show work are the two leads Kevin James and Leah Remini.  On paper there is no plausible way that Doug and Carrie would be together, but the two leads mesh so well and seamlessly, that it totally works.  The show has a timeless quality and could have worked in any tv era.  Long live the King!
2113 How The West Was Won is a sprawling three hour epic that was so big it needed three directors (Henry Hathaway, George Marshall & directing legend John Ford) to bring the story to life.  The movie takes us through the early days of western settlement to post civil war days.  The cast is full of Hollywood legends including Jimmy Stewart, Henry Fonda, Karl Malden, Debbie Reynolds and Gregory Peck.  George Peppard and Richard Widmark also have roles. It's fun to see so many stars in one movie, though most of time they don't appear together on screen. One complaint is that the film was the first to be filmed with a three camera method and in certain scenes, you can see seams in the print where the film was spliced together.  That is a minor complaint as the film itself is a compelling story and is beautifully filmed, with lush Old West settings.  The film was a major success and took home two Oscars in 1963, one for screenplay and one for editing.
2114 After the mega success of Breezin', George Benson had a tough act to follow.  With 1977's In Flight, he continues in the Breezin' vein with another sterling collection of jazz-r&b tunes.  "Nature Boy" is a solid take on the old standard, but he really shines on the cover of War's "The World Is A Ghetto", in which he places some inspired riffs, and the beautiful "Valdez In The Country".  In Flight again brought him into the top ten, but it, of course, failed to match the success of Breezin'.
2115 "Weird Al" Yankovic's "Toothless People" is a parody of Mick Jagger's "Ruthless People".  The song is not one of Mr. Yankovic's best efforts.  The concept doesn't work with him singing about people with bad dental hygiene.  It kind of plods along, but that could also be owed to the fact the original is also a bit of a plodder.
2116 "Love Never Felt So Good" is the best Michael Jackson song to come along is years.  Granted he wrote and recorded the original track back in the Thriller era (Paul Anka is the co-writer which seems odd on the surface but they had being a teen idol in common), but the new production gives a modern touch without losing its breezy fun.  While Justin Timberlake is a credible successor to Mr. Jackson's pop crown, his addition to the track seems more for having his name attached for airplay as opposed to any artistic grounds.  He is almost unnoticeable throughout and the song is neither hurt or helped by his presence.  The song was Mr. Jackson's first to crack the top ten since 2001 peaking out at number 9.  Let's hope any future releases of Mr. Jackson's outtakes are given this kind of effort and work as it will make it seem like fresh music from a lost star and not just a money grab.
2117 While Sean Penn has gained the lion share of the praise and his second academy award for his portrayal of the slain gay politician and equal rights leader Harvey Milk, the rest of the cast and director Gus Van Sant are right there with Mr. Penn with their level of excellence.  Mr. Van Sant does a superb job of showing the persecution and struggle for equal rights the gay community faced without getting overly preachy and self-righteous.  He superbly weaves archival footage into the film and his use of footage showing Anita Bryant spouting her anti-gay rhetoric shows her icy malice with far greater impact than any actress could convey (George Clooney used the same technique with Joseph McCarthy in his film Good Night & Good Luck).  Mr. Penn, as he is apt to do, dives completely into the role and transforms himself into Milk while James Franco, Josh Brolin and the rest of the cast provide him with strong support.  Milk succeeds in being both informative and entertaining.
2118 Huey Lewis & The News' breakout hit "Do You Believe In Love" released in 1982 is one of the great singles of the decade.  Super producer Mutt Lange wrote the song (originally titled "We Both Believe In Love") and recorded it with his band Supercharge in 1979.  The original is more or less a one dimensional pop rocker, but The News' version ups the vocal ante with lush harmonies and a more radio friendly pop sheen.  The song peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 in May of '82 and over thirty years later still sounds as fresh and new as the day it was released.
2119 "Boys From The County Hell" by The Pogues is driven by a haunting tin whistle that wails throughout the song giving the it an appropriate menace but also a longing ache.
2120 After exploding into the big time with American Fool after several years of obscurity, no one would have blamed John Cougar for making an American Fool, part two.  Instead, he moved away from that leather rocker image he created and became more himself.  He added his real surname and started writing songs that were socially aware. "Pink Houses" is one of the most earnestness songs of the 80's.  With it's look at life in America, Mr. Mellencamp shows that he has a finger on the pulse of the people.  "Warmer Place To Sleep" is a strong rocker that addresses his "selling out" and coming back to a style of music that is more his own.  "Crumblin' Down" is one of his all-time best songs, with it's pulsating bassline and wall of sound chorus, the song explodes out of your speakers.  "Authority Song" has the feeling of a loose remake of Bobby Fuller's "I Fought Law".  "Jackie O" has a jazzy vibe to it and "Play Guitar" is a ballsy rocker.  "Serious Business" is another hard rocker that sums up his view on the music business, it's all sex and violence and rock and roll.  Uh-huh was a quantum leap forward and showed that Mr. Mellencamp had true ability and wasn't just some manufactured hard rocker.
2121 Rock On 1982-Hot In The City is the second volume in the series for this standout musical year.  The mix is a great collection of hits and lesser-known gems.  "Out Of Work" by Gary "US" Bonds was written and produced by Bruce Springsteen and is an overlooked gem.  Huey Lewis & The News' "Do You Believe In Love" is a great single and a perfect radio hit as is .38 Special's "Caught Up In You".  Billy Squier's "Everybody Wants You" has a great, propulsive beat and Missing Persons' "Words' is a solid, new wave rocker.  Marshall Crenshaw is a sharp singer-songwriter who never achieved mainstream success, but his great Buddy Holly sounding, "Someday, Someway" managing to creep into the lower reaches of the Top 40.  Billy Idol's first big US hit, "Hot In The City" is a good, summertime sounding hit.  Air Supply and Melissa Manchester provide some good cheese with "Even The Nights Are Better" and "You Should Hear How He Talks About You" respectively.  Pat Benatar shows her first signs of adding more a pop sound to her music with "Shadows Of The Night" and Kim Wilde goes for anthem material with "Kids In America".  Duran Duran's "Hungry Like The Wolf" was recorded in '82, but was really a big hit in 1983 and would have been better suited in a collection from that year, but it is still a great song.
2122 Super cool looking wrist purse.  It is perfect for an outing where you want to carry a wallet, phone and other small items.
2123 Tori Amos' Strange Little Girls is an interesting concept. It is an album of cover songs. The songs are all originally performed by men and in most cases they deal with women poorly. Ms. Amos has covered unusual songs before like a quiet, acoustic version of "Smells Like Teen Spirit". The problem with Strange Little Girls is that in reversing the perspective of the songs from male to female, they loose their meanings and power. "New Age" is an old Velvet Underground song about using a woman for pleasure. Ms. Amos' version loses the callousness that the Velvet's were trying to convey. "'97 Bonnie & Clyde" is an Eminem song where he dumps his ex-wife's dead body in lake. It sung to his daughter and he tells of how he will always be there for her. By singing it from the mother's point of view, it lessens the frightening lengths that a father would go to keep his daughter and turns it into a lament. "I Don't Like Mondays" was based on a true story of a girl who snapped and shot up her school in England. The Boomtown Rats' original had a sense of gravity underneath the airy arrangement. Ms. Amos' version reduces the violence to a cartoonish nature and you never get to the core of the song. Ms. Amos gets points for the idea of the album, but she fails in the execution.
2124 After the breakthrough success of Different Light, The Bangles were the queens of the pop scene.  Their follow-up album's title, Everything is appropriate.  The songs vary from ones with a hard edge to the fluffiest of ballads.  The album opens up with one of their best songs, the psychedelic tinged "In Your Room".  Debbie Peterson contributes a strong vocal to "Be With You" while the band powers through "Crash & Burn", "Bell Jar" and "Watching The Dream".  The album's biggest hit is the syrupy "Eternal Flame" which became the band's second number one single.  Despite its over the top orchestration, it is a great pop song.
2125 Nick Lowe may be best known as the producer of the best of Elvis Costello's 70's & early 80's albums, but he has crafted some the  smartest & wittiest music around.  Lowe came out of the early 70's  English pub-rock scene, playing in the genre's biggest group, Brinsley  Swarz.  After he left the band,  he released his first solo record,  "So It Goes". It was also the first ever release on the seminal  label Stiff Records.  The song set the mold for which Lowe would follow  for much of his career.  The lyrics on the surface appear to be somewhat  humorous but underneath they are laced with cynism.  Other great songs  include "American Squirm", "Marie Provost" which tells  of an old movie star who died and the police found her half-eaten by her  dog, "Little Hitler", "Cracking Up", "Heart Of The  City", the reggae remake of his Rockpile song "Heart", the  rockbilly of "Half A Boy, Half A Man", the pretty  country-flavored "Without Love" and his only hit in America,  "Cruel To Be Kind", which is one of the most overlooked hit songs  of the 70's.  The album is sequenced in chronilogical order and some the  later songs are weak, especially compared to the early stuff, but one  cannot complain when you get 25 songs on a single cd.  If you love Nick  Lowe, this album is indepensible and if you are unfamiliar with him, it is  more than worth checking out.
2126 Picture This was Huey Lewis & The News' breakout album.  It contains one of the ten best songs of the 80's in "Do You Believe In Love".  Try listening to the song without singing along.  The rest of  the album is a collection of catchy, hummable tunes including "Giving  It All Up For Love", "The Only One" & "Buzz Buzz  Buzz". The rolicking "Workin' For A Livin'" defines the  band's attitude. There are no messages here, just fun, good-time music,  that's easy on the ears.  Great to throw on at a party.  Sit back, crack a  beer and enjoy the ride.
2127 You can always count on the Stones to release a live album after a tour and No Security follows suit for the Bridges To Babylon tour. The album contains a few guest stars including Taj Mahal on "Corrina" and an excellent performance by saxophonist Joshua Redman on "Waiting For A Friend".  Dave Matthews appears on "Memory Motel" and proceeds to wreck what is one the band's best songs and the best vocal interplay from Mick Jagger & Keith Richards.  Mr. Matthews takes over Mr. Richards part and his bland and overbearing voice doesn't fit the grittiness needed for the part.  That complaint aside, the rest of No Security is another fine live record including a great version of "Gimme Shelter", a ripping version of "Live With Me" and excellent takes on the Sticky Fingers nugget "Sister Morphine" and the some Girls punkish rocker "Respectable".
2128 This is perfect little boxed desk notes for anyone who likes the color pink and cupcakes.  The box is solid and sturdy and the notes themselves are a nice size.  Perfect for shopping lists, reminders, etc.
2129 This is a super cool looking Eagles t-shirt.  The front has the classic old school logo which you can never go wrong with, but the back has a cool script announcing "Go Birds" that makes this shirt a stand out.
2130 Wild Cherry are a classic one-hit wonder.  In the fall of 1976 they rode the burgeoning disco craze to the top of the charts with a catchy song based around a bar incident.  Singer Rob Parrish and the band were playing in a bar and someone in the crowd shouted out to him to "play that funky music white boy".  He turned that line into a song that will live on forever.  While "Play That Funky Music" is a 70's classic, the rest of the album is pretty forgettable.  "The Lady Wants Your Money", "Get It Up" & "What In The Funk Do You See" are serviceable, but pretty much everything else is not worth your time.
2131 Sundown the album and the song propelled Gordon Lightfoot to the top of the charts.  Both reached number one in the summer of 1974 and represented the peak of Mr. Lightfoot's chart success.  On the album, Mr. Lightfoot kept true to his troubadour roots, with expressive and vivid lyrics, but spiced up his basic folk sound with a more mainstream rock sound.  The title track is a perfect AM radio classic with its catchy guitar riff and sing along chorus.  The rest of the album is strong as well.  "Carefree Highway" was a second top ten hit and is a great road song while "Circle Of Steel", "Somewhere U.S.A.", "Seven Island Suite" and "The Watchman's Gone" are all strong.
2132 "Tell Me What I Gotta Do" is the second track off Al Jarreau's L Is For Lover album.  The song has a breezy vibe with a jittery guitar and plucking bass with a chiming keyboard.  Mr. Jarreau gives a scatting vocal that he sounds just a little too laid back on.
2133 The Watcher's Guide Vol. 2 is a superb companion for seasons three and four of this great show.  Much like the first guide, it breaks down each episode, providing a synopsis, cast list, music, etc.  In addition there are interviews with the cast, photos and other bonuses.  Buffy is such an intrigent show that moves quickly and sometimes things can be missed.  With the assistance of the guide you can go over every nook and cranny of every show and not miss a thing.
2134 Canadian brothers Don & Jeff Breithaupt examine the last five years of the 70's music scene in Night Moves.  Just like their first 70's book, Precious & Few, each chapter is broken up to cover a certain type of music like punk, new wave & disco or examine a particular artist like Bruce Springsteen.  The chapter heading lists essential songs from the subject.  The brothers interject personal accounts into the stories that make for a nice touch.  The book is a quick, easy and completely enjoyable read and together with Precious & Few offers a reverential and sunny look at the 70's.
2135 Throwaway the cool special effects, clothes and the good looks, the best part of the television show Buffy The Vampire Slayer is the sharp, witty, funny and touching writing on the show.  The Script Book for Season One has the scripts for six episodes and not only do you get the scripts themselves, but you get insight from the writers and scenes that didn't make it onto the actual episode.  The writers have their fingers on the heartbeat of teenagers and through the guise of a vampire slayer fighting monsters, they convey the fears and uncertainty of going through high school.  A great read and I look forward to future volumes.
2136 "867-5309/Jenny" is a quintessential 80's song and one that helped define the decade.  Whne you hear you immediately know what era it is from.  The song starts with some guiatrs fading in before exploding into the now familar riff.  There have been numerous stories by the songwriter's themselves over whther the number and Jenny are real or just imagine, but in either case the song is as catchy as it gets and the numbers will forever be lodged in your head.
2137 "Sherry Darling" is a performed in the frat rock vein, a style that certainly influenced Mr. Springsteen's sound.  The song is a pure party on record.  You can almost feel the heat rising up from a clogged city street and smell the beach that the singer dreams about while he carts his girl's mother around town.  Just straight up good time rock and roll and a real party song.
2138 The Zak Designs Wild Flora tumbler is a sturdy, colorful and a cool cup that is perfect for summer cocktails on the patio, your morning juice or an ice cold milk to go along with your cookies.
2139 The soundtrack to the 1987 film Less Than Zero is best known for The Bangles' remake of Simon & Garfunkel's "Hazy Shade Of Winter".  The song is a rare instance when the remake is better than the original.  The band transforms the original's mostly acoustic sound into a haunting power pop gem.  LL Cool J provides one of his best tracks with the cool and jazzy "Going Back To Cali".  Glen Danzig co-wrote and produced Roy Orbison's "Life Fades Away" and then does his best Orbison imitation on "You And Me (Less Than Zero)".  Both songs are stirring and really stand out.  The Black Fames provide a nice cover of the Chi-Lites' "Are You My Woman? (Tell Me So)" (the original would be sampled by Beyonce on "Crazy In Love" while both Poison & Aerosmith do by the number covers of "Rock & Roll All Nite" and "Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu" respectively.  Probably unknown to many, Public Enemy's masterpiece "Bring The Noise" was originally released on the album. It was released later on their classic It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back, but I got my first taste of the group from this soundtrack.  Pretty shrewd by Def Jam and Rick Rubin to include the song in a movie targeted at a young white audience.
2140 The New Yorker's new compilation of articles from the The 60's is a great collection.  Each section looks at different topics like politics, current affairs, criticism, poetry and others.  The sections start off with a note by a current writer with their thoughts on the articles.  It is fun to read old articles to get the immediate reaction or feeling of the subject without the filter of time to alter their thoughts and feelings.  It is a hefty volume coming in a nearly 700 pages, but you can skip around and target the articles or short stories that peak your interest.
2141 Matthew Sweet is unfortunately an overlooked artist who has recorded some the best power pop music in the last twenty years.  After he released two albums in the late 80's, that were quite frankly not that good, he hit his stride with his third release, the brilliant Girlfriend, which is one the best albums of the 90's.  That album mixed various styles from the Beatlesque "Divine Intervention" to the driving rock of "Girlfriend" to the Neil Youngish "Winona" (which is not included here, but should be) and it appeared that he was poised for a major commercial breakthrough, but that never happened. He continued to release fine albums that contained some of the excellent songs on this disc including "Ugly Truth", "We're The Same", "Someone To Pull The Trigger" & "Sick Of Myself".  If you are not familiar with Mr. Sweet, this collection is a great introduction. As with any hits collection, there are some omissions, so I would suggest you also pick up Girlfriend & Altered Beast which are his strongest albums and two of the best released in the 90's.
2142 1976's 15 Big Ones brought Brian Wilson back into the Beach Boys fold for the first time since 1967.  Although he contributed tracks to albums in that span, he wasn't a full time member.  Unfortunately 15 Big Ones fails to live up to the hype as it is made up of mostly cover tunes and doesn't offer creatively.  The band does a good job with rock classics like "Rock 'N' Roll Music" (which was their first top ten song, number 5, in a decade since "Good Vibrations" in 1966), "Chapel Of Love", "Palisades Park" and "Blueberry Hill".  The originals are fair at best, but Mike Love stinks things up with the insipid "TM Song".  The Beach Boys Love You is another story all together.  It is a bizarre, synthesizer laden work that shows Brian Wilson was back.  Songs like "Johnny Carson", "Ding Dang", "Solar System", "Roller Skating Child" and "Mona" show that he was still a genius, albeit a demented one at this point.  This album stands out in the Beach Boys catalog as it sounds like nothing else they ever done.
2143 Skinomi TechSkin for the Apple iPod Nano 7G is a great way to protect your screen.  As with all of these screen protections, the application of it takes some time and a careful hand.  You will get some bubbles, but with the rubber smoother they provide you can work them out.  Once you get the film on it makes wiping prints and dust off so much easier and doesn't leave smudges.
2144 After the success of What's Going On, Marvin Gaye moved away from social issues to issues of the flesh. Let's Get It On finds him singing about sex, not just about the physical pleasure one gets, but on a spiritual level. The title track is almost sermon like in it's delivery where Mr. Gaye dispenses with all pleasantries and asks his lover to get it on. He not only feels good, but he feels sanctified. The song has a silky sound that matches Mr. Gaye's smooth vocals. The rest of the album finds Mr. Gaye searching for a love that will help him find that balance between the real and spiritual ecstasy he so desperately craves.
2145 "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out" is the story of the creation of the E Street Band.  Bad Scooter (Bruce himself) navigates through the urban jungle until changes are made uptown and the Big Man (Clarence Clemons) joins the band.  That line is punctuated by a blast from the Big Man's sax. The lively horn section was charted by Miami Steve Van Zandt who would officially join the band for the tour supporting the album.
2146 In 2002, Chicago became the first musical to win the Best Picture Oscar since Oliver in 1968.  While some may argue (including me) that The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was the better movie, that is not to take away from the excellence of the film.  Both Renee Zellweger and Catherine Zeta-Jones shine in their roles and Queen Latifah isn't far behind.  John C. Reilly shows he can excel in any genre of film.  Richard Gere is a very stiff in the musical numbers, but he brings the right amount swarm to his lawyer character.  Director Rob Marshall invokes a style of a Broadway play with the set designs and director.  He perfectly captures the essence of the original show.
2147 "Somebody's Eyes" by Karla Bonoff is an album track off the Footloose soundtrack.  It has a little harder sound than much of Ms. Bonoff's other work, but it is by no means a rocker.  It falls straight in the middle of pop-rock territory.
2148 The Eurythmics singles were always much better than the complete albums they came from and The Ultimate Collection gathers together their greatest hits plus two new songs.  "Here Comes The Rain Again" is their finest moment and one of the best singles from the 80's.  "Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This)" was their lone number one single and is a great synth-pop song while "Would I Lie To You?" has a crunching guitar riff and blazing horn section.  "I Saved The World Today" from their late 90's comeback album is a beautiful track.  The two new songs open and close the album.  The upbeat "I Got A Life" is the opener and better of the two songs with a downcast "Was It Just Another Affair" closing out the album.  The Eurythmics made some of the 80's most intelligent and best produced songs and they still hold up twenty years later.
2149 Bob Dylan contributed the title track to Michael Mann's forgotten film Band Of The Hand.  The song has a dirty south blues boogie sound with a viciuous slide guitar and a filthy harmonica biting throughout the track.  The female singers give a religious fervor to the chorus chanting "It's hell time man" like an invocation.  Mr. Dylan slips and slides through his vocals liek a serpent.  This is one of those forgotten Dylan tracks from the 80's that deserves to be remembered and held up equally with his other eras.
2150 Poison quickly followed their debut album with 1988's Open Up and Say... Ahh! The album features their most memorable song, the number one power ballad "Every Rose Has Its Thorn".  It is a thick slice of hair metal cheese, but even though you know you want to hate the song on principle, you can't help yourself from singing along every time you hear it.  "Nothin' But A Good Time" is a straight Kiss rip-off, but also extremely catchy.
2151 "Racing In The Street" is the epic song on Darkness and it closes out the first side of the album.  Many consider this to be the best song Mr. Springsteen has ever recorded.  It uses the familiar car theme but the racing done by the characters is a race to nowhere.  They are stuck in their lives with no chance for escape. They are already dying, little by little, piece by piece.  The few minutes of glory they get racing their cars is just a temporary salve to delay an already fatal wound.  Their dreams have all been lost and the best they can do is help each other face the darkness together.
2152 Tommy Boy Records is, along with Def Jam, the seminal hip hop labels.  This box set features the label's biggest hits, but presented in a classic mix tape fashion.  There is no chronological order to the songs, each of the four disk's songs segue together into one long mix.  This makes for some great listening and the beats are still slamming especially on the remix disk that boasts some great work by the all-time best, DJ Premier.
2153 T. Rex and especially its elfin leader Marc Bolan were huge stars in England in the early 70's.  They were the prototypical glam rockers and they racked up number one hit after number one hit in their native country.  Despite the T. Rextasy that swept through England, the band never really caught on in America.  The lone exception was Electric Warrior.  The album spawned their only US top ten single, the pulsating "Bang A Gong (Get It On)".  Those who only know the band from that song, should check out the rest of the album.  The opens with a strong quartet of songs.  "Mambo Sun" starts things off with a kick and then the album's best song "Cosmic Dancer" is next.  The song has a slow, percolating rhythm accented by a string section and the song simmers along.  The pace is quicken by the other big single the band had in the US, "Jeepster", which has a popping guitar riff and "Monolith" is a sexy rocker.  Even though the band never hit it big in the US, their influence was felt in the 80's as T. Rex had a big impact on the British new wave invasion bands of that era.
2154 After their ground breaking debut album, Led Zeppelin quickly followed the album up with Led Zeppelin II.  Whereas their debut contained a few blues covers and longer jams, II is a much tighter affair.  Jimmy Page was a master at coming up with memorable guitar riffs and they abound throughout II.  "Whole Lotta Love" opens the album with a earth moving riff and then guitars soar and come crashing down throughout the song that is marked by a glass shattering vocal from Robert Plant.  The song became a big hit and their only top ten single peaking at number 4 in early 1970.  "The Lemon Song" is a bluesy jam that finds Mr. Plant scatting along with some memorable lyrics.  "Ramble On" is perfectly titled as the song just kind of scuffles around with a chooglin guitar riff as its backbone.  John Bonham gets to show off why they call him Bonzo on the drum workout "Moby Dick". "Thank You" has to rank as one of the prettiest songs in rock and probably the most tender number the band has ever recorded.  Mr. Plant provides an almost whisper like vocal that is framed by ethereal keyboards from John Paul Jones.  The song's quiet beauty merges into the stinging guitars of "Heartbreaker" which merges seamlessly into the rollicking "Living Loving Maid".  Led Zeppelin II became the band's first number one album.
2155 1975's Fandango! was the follow-up to the band's breakout hit album Tres Hombres.  It is something of a mixed bag as it combines live cuts with studio songs.  The mix doesn't help the album flow.  The studio cuts are first rate including the propulsive hit single "Tush" (which topped out at number twenty), the solid "Hear It On The X" and one the band's best and most underrated songs "Balinese".  The live songs are good and show off the band's musical prowess, but they would have been better served releasing a separate live album.  The album was their second straight top ten hit, peaking at number ten.
2156 The charm itself has a nice color and is pretty, but it is much smaller than the picture indicates and is quite thin.
2157 For the miniscule price of $1.16, you get three stylus in black, red & blue.  The styluses themselves are thick and hefty.  They like using a normal pen instead of the some of the more thin and light syluses out there.  The only drawback is they take a bit of time to get to you even though the shipping is free.  It took aboubt three weeks to receive the order.
2158 "No Surrender" kicks off side two of Born In The U.S.A. with pounding drums and a wailing moan.  The song is about looking back at your teen years and a best friend with whom you swore to be blood brothers forever.  There is a search for the friends to make music and they swear that they will never surrender or retreat from their convictions.  The song is most probably about E Street guitarist Steve Van Zandt who has been Mr. Springsteen's brother in arms since the 60's and who was leaving the band at the time to go out on his own.
2159 Jack Johnson is the perfect choice to contribute songs to the film Curious George.  His breezy, carefree & whimsical style captures the essence of the book and film's main character.  "Upside Down", "Lullaby" & "Questions" all effortlessly float along while a Hawaiian flavored version of the White Stripes' "We're Going To Be Friends" makes for an interesting cover.  This album is perfect for both children and adults as the kids will love the Curious George tie-in and parents won't have to put earplugs in while the kids listen.
2160 Babylon By Bus is a superb live album by Bob Marley & The Wailers.  While it doesn't have the urgency of his Live album, Babylon By Bus finds an extremely tight and sharp Wailers and Mr. Marley's charisma shines through.  He seems to be more comfortable in his role as a reggae high priest and the music shows it.  Great versions of "Exodus", "Rat Race", "Is This Love?" and "Concrete Jungle" are included with "Lively Up Yourself" particularly standing out.
2161 Billy Joel had released four album prior to his breakthrough album, The Stranger.  After he experienced similar successes with 52nd St. & Glass Houses, he came up with the great idea to release a live album featuring songs only from those pre-Stranger album.  Songs In The Attic was the introduction to many fans of songs that have since become classics like "Captain Jack", "The Ballad Of Billy The Kid", "She's Got A Way" and "New York State Of Mind".  Other lesser known tracks like "Los Angeleanos", "Miami 2017" and "Street Life Serenade" are equally as great.  Songs In The Attic was a treat for his hardcore fans and let newer fans listen to some great tunes.  Almost twenty years later, the album still sounds fresh.
2162 I bought this for my wife's iPad 2 and it is a great case.  The iPad fits snuggly inside and it offers stylish protection.  The stylus pen provided was a bit of an issue.  After only a few uses the rubber tip came loose and fell off.  But that is a minor flaw since it is basically a throw in for the price, but it would have been nice to get a little more use out of it.
2163 Bob Geldof's Live Aid, an ambitious one-day, two continent concert on July 13th, 1985 for the starving in Ethiopia was a major cultural landmark of the 1980's.  Harkening back to the spirit of the sixties, the simultaneous concerts at Wembley stadium in London and at JFK in Philadelphia showed that musical artists could make a difference in people's lives.  Some of the performances from the concert were stellar and some fall short, but the fact that all the entertainers gave freely of their time to help a worthy cause should be remembered.  Of the two shows, the Wembley show produced the best performances.  U2's performance of a blistering "Sunday Bloody Sunday" and a majestic "Bad" helped catapult them into superstars.  Queen's performance is lights out and Dire Straits performance with Sting on "Money For Nothing" and alone on "Sultans Of Swing" is often overlooked, but powerful. The JFK performances were not as strong, but good sets by The Pretenders, Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers and Tina Turner joining Mick Jagger.  The DVD does not contain the entire concert as some acts have songs cut and other acts do not appear at all (Led Zeppelin refused to allow their performance to be include as they felt it was substandard).  While this is, of course, disappointing, the set is still worth buying.  The concert and the Band Aid & USA for Africa singles didn't end hunger as it is still a problem almost twenty years later, but it raised the world's consciousness towards it and showed that people still have the power and the will to help those in need, no matter where they live.
2164 "Mister Man" is a ham-fisted attempt at social commentary by Culture Club.  The lyrics sound like they were cribbed from a high schoolers notebook and the music is boring and uninventive.  Boy George sounds like he mailed this vocal in and seems completely disinterested.
2165 Phil Pepe is a veteran New York sports reporter who has seen more than his fair share of ball games. The 70's were a decade of change and excess and baseball mirrored those strange times. Society started to accept men with longer hair, mustaches, crazy clothes and looser mores and baseball did the same. Players grew their hair long, grew mustaches and many teams changed their uniforms to contain gaudy bright colors moving away from the typical bland grays. The DH was introduced into the game, night baseball became more prevalent and of course the advent of free agency, all of which changed the game into what it is today. We read about the A's dynasty, the reemergence of the Yankees, the Big Red Machine, the tragic losses of Clemente and Munson, the wife swapping of two Yankee pitchers and other bizarre tales. There seemed to be more characters in the game at that time and Mr. Pepe gets into the changes and characters as told by the players themselves. You won't be able to put the book down as it is an easy and enjoyable read. A must for any fan of the game.
2166 After the quiet, folky sounds of Big Daddy, John Mellencamp(now dropping the Cougar from his name), came back hard with WheneverWe Wanted To.  On this album he combines the hard rock edge ofAmerican Fool with the socially relevant lyrics of his mid-80'salbums.  "Get A Leg Up" is a hard rocker that is a distantcousin to "Hurts So Good".  "Love &Happiness", "Crazy Ones", "Melting Pot" andthe title track are all excellent songs.  "Again Tonight"was a single, but it doesn't work well in the album as it sounds likeit was stuck in as an afterthought.
2167 "Pompeii" by Bastille is a song that is somewhere in between being catchy and dull.  The singer has a decent and distinct voice, but the beat is a bit flat and needs more punch.
2168 "The Price You Pay" is a song about dreams dying so that someone else's dream might live.  Mr. Springsteen evokes the biblical image of Moses leading his people to the Promised Land but he himself not being able to enter.  The song is sung to an unwed mother and the singer is telling her that she has to run past the signs strangers have put up showing all that have fallen to the prices they paid. He is going tear it down and throw it away so her and child's dreams can escape.
2169 Stevie Woods scored two top 40 hits in late 1981-82 from this album.  "Steal The Night" peaked at number 25 and has an adult contemporary vibe as does "Just Can't Win 'Em All" which peaked at number 38.  While Mr. Woods is considered an r&b artist, his sounds is actually more in line with a Christopher Cross.
2170 Kill Bill, Vol. 1 boastfully includes above the title, the fourth film by Quentin Tarantino.  While Uma Thurman is commanding in the lead role of the vengeful "Bride", Mr. Tarantino is the star of the film.  Kill Bill is a visual roller coaster. Mr. Tarantino deftly mixes black & white, color & animation from his palate to paint a visual piece of art.  Mr. Tarantino has sometimes been accused of being something of a plagiarist in his films and in Kill Bill he invokes kung fu, spaghetti westerns, Saturday matinee cliffhangers and Japanese anime genres.  But instead of just copying, he molds them into his own unique vision.  The script is laced with typical snappy Tarantino dialogue and, as with his first three films, music plays a large part.  Mr. Tarantino uses Nancy Sinatra's somber version of "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)" to perfectly set the mood for the film and the RZA's haunting score adds depth and feeling throughout.  The film is quite violent and brutal.  There are decapitations, hundreds of limbs being chopped off and countless bloody deaths, but they are necessary to the film.  The violence is somewhat cartoonish, when one character is decapitated, blood flows out like a fountain from his neck and when an arm is cut off, blood rushes out in an obscenely fast manner.  After a long absence from directing, Kill Bill, Vol. 1 is a most welcomed return from one of the few truly original directors in film today.
2171 John Eddie has been a staple of Jersey bar scene for over thirty years.  Unfortunately, his self-titled album is nothing more than a bad Bruce Springsteen knock-off.  Back in 1986 when the album was released the music industry was looking to capitalize on the massive success of The Boss and Mr. Eddie got a record deal with Mr. Springsteen's label Columbia.  The album failed as the public saw Mr. Eddie as basically a Springsteen rip-off.  It's too bad, because Mr. Eddie is a very good live performer (Mr. Springsteen had joined him on stage a few times in previous  four or five years before the album's release) and he would have been better served with a more rootsy rock album than this over-produced mess.
2172 "Turbine" by Barbarossa sounds a little like Justin Timberlake singing over the Black Keys.  The lead singer has a pretty soulful voice and the band plays with a tight, dirty, bluesy vibe.  It is an interesting sound for sure.
2173 Despite the book saying it is the 80's, it is essentially 1980-1982.  After that it is really just random charts that don't go past 1985.  Despite that, the charts from 1980-82 are both singles and albums and each year has a year end top singles and album list.
2174 I bought this bag for my wife and she uses for lunches or taking drinks or snacks in the car.  It also can work if you are going to the store for one or two items and don't want to use a larger shopping bag.
2175 Garry McGee's Band On The Run: A History of Paul McCartney & Wings is a fine account of the 1970's musical output of a rock legend.  McCartney's music with Wings is often overlooked and dismissed, but looking back, he crafted some of the most enduring pop songs of his career.  Mr. McGee does a great job of chronicling the recording sessions that produced the music.  If you a fan of Paul McCartney and Wings, then this book is worth your time.
2176 After Frankie Valli scored a number one hit in early 1975 with "My Eyes Adored You" and followed that up with a top ten hit "Swearin' To God", the Four Seasons regrouped later in the year.  The album produced their biggest hit, the radio classic "December, 1963 (Oh What A Night)" that went to number one in early 1976.  Also hitting the top ten, peaking at number three, was the title track that while not as popular as the former, it is the best track on the album.  Tight harmonies and trading of vocals from Mr. Valli & Bob Gaudio make for a great single.  "Silver Star" was a minor hit and has a old west theme while "Harmony Perfect Harmony" is pretty song that harkens back to their salad days.
2177 12x5 is the first great Rolling Stones record.  Their first two releases showed the band's potential, but they realized it on this manic collection that finds them perfecting the Chess Records, Chicago R&B sound that so heavily influenced.  From the opening riff of their ripping version of Chuck Berry's "Around & Around" to their magnificent version of "Susie Q", the band is on top of their game.  Their versions of "Time Is On My Side", originally done by the great Irma Thomas, and Bobby Womack's "It's All Over Now" have become Stones classics, while lesser known tracks like "Empty Heart", which has some ripping guitar riffs, "Confessin' The Blues" and "Good Times, Bad Times" stand right up next to them.  The band pays tribute to Chess Records with the instrumental "2120 South Michigan Avenue".  12x5 solidified the foundation for their now almost 40 year career.
2178 This is a fun little sign that will fit nicely on a desk, mantle, end table or some sort of shelf.  It is too small to hang on a wall.
2179 Billy Joel had tasted some success before the release of The Stranger, with the hit single "Piano Man", but this is the album that made him a superstar. The album is a virtual greatest hits record with most of the 9 songs being instantly recognizable. The songs move from sentimental ballads like "Just The Way You Are" (which won the 1978 Record of the Year Grammy) and "She's Always A Woman" to rockers like "Only The Good Die Young" and "Anthony's Song". "The Stranger" is a strange combination of what seems like two different songs. It opens and closes with a jazzy piano riff while the middle of the song is a hard rocker. "Vienna" is one of the lesser known songs on the album, but is a personal favorite of mine with it's sing-a-long chorus and what sounds like an old squeeze box in the break. The centerpiece of the album is "Scenes From An Italian Restaurant" which tells the story of the rise and fall of Brenda & Eddie. Some of the songs may be a bit overplayed, but the reason is that they're great and timeless songs.
2180 This is a great value for screen protectors, 6 for less than the price of what many charge for one.  As with all screen protectors, they take an incredible amout of patience to apply.  Putting one on your iPad is not a two minute job.  It takes time and numerous applying then re-applying passes before you get it right.
2181 New Adventures In Hi-Fi is made up of songs that had their germination on the road during R.E.M.'s tour in support of Monster.  The songs, much like a tour, are all over the musical map.  Unlike the sonic guitar sound of Monster, this album has numerous different musical styles.  "The Wake Up Bomb" has a glam rock feel to it while "New Test Leper" has an acoustic basis.  "E-Bow The Letter" has a droning guitar sound and has back up vocals from one of Michael Stipe's major influences and one of his idols, Patti Smith.  She adds an eeriness to song and it contains one of the weirdest lines ever, "aluminum tastes like fear".  "Bittersweet Me" is a great song and "Zither" follows their recent tradition of including an instrumental on the album.  "Binky The Doorman" is one of the sillier songs the band has ever done.  "Electrolite" provides a strong closing to the album.  While this album isn't the best they've ever done, it still contains strong work and is worth a listen.
2182 I needed a longer wife to connect my router to an outlet and this cable did the trick.  It seems solidly made and you can't beat the price.
2183 Close To The Edge very well might be Yes' finest moment.  The album contains a mere three songs, but they don't ramble on for length's sake.  The title track is a sublime piece of music and "Siberian Khatru" is an aggressive song that has some bizarre lyrics. "And You & I" is probably the finest song the band has ever recorded.  It combines all the rock, folk, operatic and classical elements that the band aspired to creatively mix together.  Close To The Edge climbed higher than any other Yes album, peaking at number three on the charts.
2184 Neil Diamond's 12 Songs is a startling album from the noted purveyor of schlock. The album is a return to Mr. Diamond's roots of moody, pensive songs that dominated his late 60's, early 70's work. Producer Rick Rubin has taken of the task of returning Mr. Diamond to respectability and he has succeeded in that goal. Unlike his work with Johnny Cash in which many of the songs recorded were covers, 12 Songs is composed of all original works by Mr. Diamond. Mr. Rubin employs a dark setting made up of mostly Mr. Diamond's guitar, keyboards and a smattering of bass and percussion. "Evermore" is a dark ballad with a world-weary tone and light strings, "Save Me A Saturday Night" has a catchy chorus, "Hell Yeah" is as close to a rocker as the album gets and "Captain Of A Shipwreck" features a superb vocal effort. "Delirious Love" is served up in two versions, the original cut and a bonus track featuring Brian Wilson that has a Beach Boys sound. Mr. Rubin employs the help of Heartbreakers Mike Campbell & Benmont Tench as well as Billy Preston to provide backing. These are great musicians and they are all excellent at melding to the voice they are backing. Mr. Rubin has brought Mr. Diamond's voice back and it is a welcome return.
2185 David Lean likes to make big movies and Doctor Zhivago is yet another in a line of his famous epics.  The film is beautifully filmed from the picturesque winter Russian landscapes to the bloody battles in the streets of the Russian Revolution, Mr. Lean again provides stunning visuals.  The problem with Doctor Zhivago is that the story veers towards sappy melodrama.  Julie Christie is luminous as Lara, Geraldine Chapman, daughter of Charlie Chaplin, is very good in her debut and Rod Stieger is chillingly effective in his role, but Omar Shariff in the title role is dour and heavy handed.  But Mr. Lean compensates for that as mentioned before with the film's stunning visual look and Maurice Jarre's score is among the most memorable in film history.  The film is long and drags in places, but thanks to Mr. Lean's track record, worth a look.
2186 This DVD is an expanded version of the television special that aired in May, 2001 on ABC.  It is an intimate and interesting look not only at the band Paul McCartney started after the Beatles, but at the love story between Paul & Linda.  Through home movies and an interview between Mr. McCartney and his daughter Mary, we get an inside view of one of the most famous and enduring marriages in entertainment history.  The DVD also includes vintage videos for "Jet", "Let' Em In" and "Rockestra" as well as over (100) still pictures.  A must own for all Wings fans and a perfect companion for the Wingspan cd.
2187 Smokey Robinson left the Miracles in 1972 and released two albums that were not bad, but not up to the high standards he set.  On Quiet Storm, he came roaring back with a smooth soul classic.  Taking a page from his good friend Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On, Quiet Storm is an album of sensual love songs.  Unlike that album which has Mr. Gaye searching for sexual & spiritual salvation, Mr. Robinson sings about both sides of an adult relationship.  The songs deal with love, pain, revenge, marriage and the like set against silky smooth beats.  A great album to throw on and share with someone special.
2188 A big part of Jimmy Buffett's success is his to spin magical tales of real-life experiences.  One of his most popular songs is "A Pirate Looks At 40" , in which he tells of a friend reaching that point in his life.  A Pirate Looks At 50 finds Mr. Buffett dealing with reaching the big 5-0 in his own life. The book is part remiscinces from his past and a travelogue from the trip he takes to various tropical locales in his seaplane during the week or so after his 50th birthday.  Mr. Buffett vividly describes the exotic locales and his wry sense of humor and unique outlook on life makes the book a lively read.  The book takes us into Jimmy Buffett's world and what a world it is.
2189 Fore is another great record from the News.  "Stuck With You" is a light and airy song build around a casual guitar riff that has a tropical sound to it.  It became the band's second number one single.  "Hip To Be Square" has a pulsating beat and perfectly plays on the band's average guy persona and spawned a popular catch phrase.  "Doin' It All For My Baby" has gorgeous harmonization by the band and a Stax/Volt sound.  "I Know What I Like" is a solid rocker as is "Forest For The Trees".  "Jacob's Ladder" has a soaring melody and was written by Bruce Hornsby.  The song became the second number one single from the album and third and final one of the band's career.  "Naturally" is a wistful acapella number that gives the band a chance to show off their vocal chops. Top notch work and a real winner.
2190 Dig marks the first time that Boz Scaggs joins up with David Paitch.  Together they created Mr. Scaggs breakthrough album and high water mark, Silk Degrees.  The album was a silky, funky, blue-eyed soul masterpiece.  While Dig isn't up to those standards, it's the best thing Mr. Scaggs has recorded in years.  Mr. Scaggs is in fine voice and he gets into songs like "Desire", "Get On The Natch" (which incorporates a hip hop vibe) and "Vanishing".  Dig is a fine effort and hopefully the he and Mr. Paitch will collaborate again in the near future.
2191 Driving Rain is Paul McCartney's first album of new material since 1997's Flaming Pie.  In between he released an album of covers Run Devil Run that was recorded shortly after the loss of his wife and soul mate, Linda.  That album was the most emotional of his career.  While Driving Rain isn't quite as emotional, it still has a certain weight to it.  There are some of his classic, light and breezy tunes "Tiny Bubble" and the laconic "Spinning On An Axis".  Much like "Lovely Linda" from his first solo album, "Heather" is an ode to the new love of his life Heather Mills.  The album's best tracks are laced with an emotional weight.  "Lonely Road" has a frenzied edge, "From A Lover To A Friend" has is filled with anxiety and "There Must Have Been Magic" is filled with longing rememberances of the past.  "Your Way" has a country flavor and "Rinse The Raindrops" is a ten plus minute workout that shows off some nice cohesion from the spry four piece band Mr. McCartney assembled for the album.  Throughout the record, Mr. McCartney plays some of the best bass lines he's played in years and he reminds us that he is, in fact, a true legend.
2192 William Wyler's Ben-Hur is actually the third version of the film to appear.  It was first done as a silent film, then remade in the 1920's and then tackled in this epic version.  The film literally employed a cast of thousands and at the time of its release in 1959 was a technical marvel.  Forty years later the film still stands up and the DVD version perfectly captures the grandeur of the film.  The chariot race is one of the most famous scenes in movie history and despite all the technological advances has yet to be duplicated or surpassed.  Charlton Heston won his only Oscar in the title role and he's at his bombastic, self-righteous and over-emoting best.  Jack Hawkins is excellent as his one-time best friend turned rival and Hugh Griffith is delightful as the sheik who supplies Ben Hur with the horses for the chariot race.  Mr. Griffith also won an Oscar as Best Supporting Actor and Mr. Wyler won his third Best Director award as the film went on to win an unprecedented 11 awards (including Best Picture).  That was record that stood until 1997 when Titanic matched it.  One complaint about an otherwise superb DVD release is that instead of putting the almost four hour film along with all the extra material onto two disks, they made one double-sided disk.  The lettering distinguishing the two sides is extremely small and difficult to figure out and it is a nuisance to get up during the film to flip the disk over.
2193 John Mellencamp has been getting some criticism for lending his song "Our Country" to Chevy especially in light of the fact he has been critical of the practice in the past.  The music industry has changed and so have the rules of getting your songs to the public and Mr. Mellencamp has embraced that in trying to get this worthy album a listen from the public that ignored his last few albums.  "Our Country" suffers from the edited treatment in the commercial where it comes off as a bit jingoistic.  The full version is a powerful statement on the real values of what most Americans truly believe and it is one of the better songs he has ever write.  The album has 60's folk rock sound with 12-string guitars and fiddles coursing throughout the songs. The country group Little Big Town add beautiful background harmonies that shine throughout.  Strong tracks like "someday", "Ghost Towns Along The Highway" and the stinging rebuke of the current administration, "Rodeo Clown" show Mr. Mellencamp can still produce songs that both sound great and make you think.
2194 On Radiohead's previous two albums, Kid A & Amnesiac, the band created sonic landscapes that featured multi-layered sounds.  They threw everything snap, crackle and pop they find into creating the sound collage.  The eight songs on I Might Be Wrong don't try to recreate their album's counterparts' sound. The band just plays the music with the instruments they've got and it shows they are just as powerful live as in the studio.  Lead singer Thom Yorke's beatbox vocal opening to "The National Anthem" is powerful and adds a tension to the song before he even utters a verse.  In some instances, the band leaves Mr. Yorke out on a ledge with little support.  He carries "Idioteque" with just sparse drum work and the album's closer, "True Love Waits" provides only an acoustic guitar.  Mr. Yorke's vocals are the foundation of the band's sound and the live album shows off his wonderful gifts.
2195 Don't Look Back was the follow up to what was at the time the biggest selling debut album in history.  Boston's self titled debut was filled with arena rock anthems that featured a wall of guitars that inspired air guitarists everywhere.  Don't Look Back follows that winning formula.  The album doesn't contain the number of classics that the debut does, but it still pretty darn good.  The title track is barrage of guitars that contains an explosive vocal from Brad Delp.  "The Journey" shows off Tom Scholz's studio wizardry.  "A Man I'll Never Be" finds the band treading into ballad territory to good results.  "Feelin' Satisfied" is a burner while "Party" is just that a party of guitars.  If you like guitars and lots of them, then this album will be to your liking.  Alot of people liked this album as it became the band's first number one album in late 1978.
2196 Just about every major musical artist at one time in their career's have released a double album.  Often they are bombastic, overblown and contain alot of filler.  Prince had already released a double album, 1999, a mere five years before 1987's Sign O' The Times in 1987 and neither album are any of the above.  Some argue that Sign O' Times is Prince's greatest achievement.  The album contains the best musicianship of his career.  His playing is tight and loose all at the same time.  Whether he's singing about being happy and having fun in the bright "Play In The Sunshine" or is taking a sobering look at the problems facing society in the powerfully brilliant title track, Prince is on the top of his game.  He can tear up the funk in "Housequake" & "U Got The Look" (a duet with Sheena Easton), sing shiny pop tunes like "I Could Never Take The Place Of Your Man" & "Starfish & Coffee", smooth it out on sensual slow jams like "Slow Love" & "Adore", look at religion in "The Cross" or make timeless hits like "If I Was Your Girlfriend".  The album is a sprawling, brilliant, well-crafted masterwork.
2197 Desperado is The Eagles' second album and is a concept affair.  As the cover suggests, the band sing about the life of outlaws & banditos.  The title track is a classic ballad and maybe the best thing that Glenn Frey & Don Henley have ever written.  With it's picturesque lyrics and pristine vocals, it is a major achievement.  "Outlaw Man" is as hard a rocker as they've ever recorded and "Saturday Night" is solid country rock.  "Doolin' Dalton" sets the theme of the album and appears again in an instrumental and in the perfect closer to the album, the reprise medley with "Desperado".
2198 The first full length album by the Fleet Foxes is a folksy album full of rich vocal harmonies.  The band musically reminds one of a stripped down Belle & Sebastian.  As mentioned, the vocal interplay on the album is very strong and has been compared to Crosby, Stills & Nash.  I wouldn't go that far in comparisons, but they are quite pretty nonetheless.  The only complaint is that many of the songs sound the same and kind of run into one another.  Other that, the band has a unique sound and I look forward to future offerings from the band.
2199 Great looking cuff links.  The pink really pops on the shirt when you put them on.  At $13.99, they are a steal and you can't tell the difference between these and a pair that cost $50. or more.
2200 Live is from Marvin Gaye's 1973 comeback concert in Oakland.  He had not performed live in almost two years at that point and he is a little nervous about his performance.  He shouldn't have worried as he is in top form.  He runs through most of his current hits from the time with "Trouble Man", "Inner City Blues" and "Distant Lover" standing out.  The album contains the only appearance of his ode to his lover "Jan".  He seems to strain a bit on the "Fossil Medley" and the album's closers "Let's Get It On" and "What's Going On".  Overall, it is another great album from Mr. Gaye.
2201 Just as with the first volume of scripts from season one, this second volume gives you the writers insight, deleted scenes and production notes.  It is a must if you have the first volume as it wraps up the first season.  It is interesting to see how the writing improves as the year went along. The characters start building deeper personalities and we get to know them better.  That is always the key with successful TV shows, the ability to connect and relate to the characters and caring about how their "lives" turn out.  Just like volume one, a great and funny read.
2202 Cleopatra is one of the most infamous movies in Hollywood history.  Stars Richard Burton & Elizabeth Taylor first started their on again, off again relationship on the set, there were numerous production problems, Joseph L. Mankiewitz left as the director before the shooting was complete and dozens of other problems plagued the film. At the time it was the most expensive film ever made, but was a major dud at the box office.  In fact the back story to Cleopatra in many ways is more interesting than the movie itself.  This 3 disk special edition provides you with a healthy dose of the intriguing behind the scenes information included a documentary that appeared on AMC that is outstanding.  The film itself is magnificent to look at, with impressive sets and incredible detail.  The acting is pretty good too, with the elegant Rex Harrison standing out as Julius Caesar. The film is quite long, clocking in at over four hours, and does tend to drag in certain spots.  The overall packaging of Cleopatra is tremendous and worth checking out.
2203 Livin' On The Fault Line was the first Doobie Brothers album in which Michael McDonald took control of the band's sound.  Their prior effort, Takin' It To The Streets, mixed the old rock sound of the band with Mr. McDonald's pop-soul leanings.  This album is almost exclusively in the pop-soul vein.  There are some excellent efforts, especially "Echoes Of Love".  This is a hidden gem which ironically finds founding member Patrick Simmons embracing the new sound.  "You Belong To Me" is another strong song Mr. McDonald wrote with Carly Simon (who would score a top ten hit with it).  "Chinatown" and another Motown cover "Little Darling (I Need)" are good, but the rest of the album is a subpar effort from a group dealing with a new musical vision.
2204 "Oh Sherrie" was Journey lead singer Steve Perry's first solo release.  No one can deny the strength of Mr. Perry's voice, but he is too bombastic on this track.  He goes for the sledgehammer right over your head, when a little more subtleness would have better for a love song written for his girlfriend at the time.  The guitar work sounds a little too much like a knock off of Neal Schoen.  The song was a massive hit in early 1984, peaking at number 3.  It would be his only solo song to crack the top ten.
2205 The Amazon Basics cord is great for travel when you don't want to take a longer cord that you don't have to untangle to use.  The inexpensive cost of the cord makes it appealing as it isn't going to cost you an arm and leg like some cords.
2206 Jingle Bell Rock is a solid ten song collection from oldies rock musicians like The Beach Boys, Jan & Dean, Fats Domino & Dion.  The Beach Boys' timeless "Little Saint Nick" is always a welcome addition to any collection, but Dion's version of the Phil Spector classic "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" is the standout track on the disk.  I had never heard it before and it doesn't touch Darlene Love's definitive version, but really what does?
2207 "7 chineSe bros." is a rich and deep track by R.E.M.  The song is propelled by a ringing guitar riff from Peter Buck and steady beat by Bill Berry.  Singer Michael Stipe has said the song is about him breaking up a couple and then dating the both of them.  It's hard to gather that from the lyrics, but who am I to argue with Mr. Stipe.
2208 The Wild, The Innocent & The E Street shuffle may only contain 7  songs, but they pack a punch and are among the finest of Bruce's career.  The album opens with the funky guitar riff of "The E Street  Shuffle".  "4th Of July" is the song that made Asbury Park  famous and Madame Marie's a mecca for Bruce fans.  "Kitty's Back"  is a blazing rock 'n' soul workout and is followed by the comical  "Wild Billy's Circus Story".  On the original album, the last  three songs constituted side two and it is about as perfect of an album  side as there is in history.  "Incident on 57th Street",  "Rosalita" and "New York City Serenade" is a three part  musical suite and they flow seemlessly into one another. The stories they  tell are so vivid that they are almost like musical literature.  Bruce has  released albums that were musically superior to Wild, but never one that  was this much fun.
2209 The Sonics' debut album Here Are The Sonics!!! is a low down, trashy, classic garage rock record.  The band buzzsaws their way through classic rockers like "Good Golly Miss Molly", "Do You Love Me", "Roll Over Beethoven", "Walkin' The Dog" and others with a reckless abandon.  There are four originals on the album and two in particular, "The Witch" and "Strychnine", are bona fide classics.  There's nothing complicated about The Sonics' music, it's just good, old-fashioned rock.
2210 "Wrap Her Up" is a duet between the king of 70's English pop, Elton John and the king of 80's English pop George Michael.  This had the potential to be a great song, but it falls flat.  Mr. Michael sings in an unrecognizable falsetto from much of the song that takes away from any vocal fireworks that may have occurred.  Mr. John's voice is clearly failing him at this pre-surgery point, but he troops on through with a gritty vocal that offsets the poppy, horn laden beat quite well.  The public wasn't enthralled by the song at the time either as despite its stars' nuclear firepower, it only managed to top out at number 20 on the charts.
2211 My internet speed at home was slow and spotty which caused some definite wireless headaches.  I read a great article in the New York Times which gave the Archer C7 a top rating, so I decided that it was worth the gamble to give it a try. After hooking up the router, all I can say is $87. well spent.  The product is easy to set up, with simple online instructions that you follow and then you are up and running.  There are three options on the router where you can have dual 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz running together or each one running separately.  I opted for 5 ghz which produces maximum speeds but not as big a wireless area.  My house is fairly small so I figured it was worth a chance.  There's not a spot in the house where a device doesn't connect.  The noticeable improvement in speed is amazing.  Webpages that once took forever to populate, now do it almost instantaneously.  Downloading of videos and streaming of content from sites is night and day.  It's a great product and if you are having wireless nightmares, it is well worth giving the Archer C7 a try.
2212 The Go-Go's combined a punk sensiblity with a pop sheen and road it all the way to the top of the charts.  They had a public image as the sweet and innocent girls next door, but in reality were hard partying punk rockers.  The music has the same enigmatic quality.  On the surface, it sounds upbeat  and bouncy, but underneath is a darker and harder meaning.  They sing  about about love triangles, unfaithful men and other travails with  extremely catchy hooks.  The pulsating beat in "We Got The Beat"  just begs you to get up and dance and the jangling "Our Lips Are  Sealed" is a perfect radio hit. "This Town", "Skidmarks  On My Heart", "How Much More" and "Tonite" could  have all been hits.  There isn't a song on the album that you won't find  yourself bobbing your head to and singing along with.
2213 The Rolling Stones tour of America in 1969 has become one of the most infamous and legendary of all time.  It of course concluded with the Altamont concert and was documented in the film Gimme Shelter.  Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out provides us with a live document of the tour from a Madison Square Garden show.  What makes this such a great live record is that is does what so few live albums do, it makes us we feel as if we're actually at the show.  From the opening introduction of the "Greatest Band Of All Time" to the closing chords of the militant "Street Fighting Man", we get the vibe of what it must have been like to have been there.  While the performances, from a technical point of view, may not be the best of their career, that's beside the point.  The Stones have always been more about emotion than anything else and the performances of "Sympathy For The Devil", "Midnight Rambler", "Love In Vain" & "Stray Cat Blues" perfectly capture and convey all their raw emotion and intensity.  The Stones have made it a practice to release a live album after all their tours, but none are even close to this one.
2214 Who Are You was the final album made by the original Who quartet.  The album is the least consistent of the original lineup's career, but the high quality of several of the songs make up for the lackluster ones.  The title track as legend would have it was inspired by a situation where a drunken Pete Townshend got into a fight with some punks and they uttered the line who the f*** are you to him.  The song is an instant classic with it's pulsating beat and first rate vocal performance by Roger Daltry.  "New Song" is a catchy song about artists recycling their material and "Sister Disco" is a strong rocker in a "Baba O'Reilly" vein.  Other songs like "Guitar & The Pen", "Trick Of The Light" & "Music Must Change" fall short.  The reissue contains some nice outtakes including an early version of "Empty Glass" and a version of the title track with a lost verse.  Sadly, Keith Moon would pass away shortly after the album's release thus extinguishing one of the brightest drumming flames in rock history and ending one of the greatest bands of all-time. The Who would go on, but without Keith Moon, they were never the same.
2215 If you are a Dodgers fan, then this set is a must own.  It has every game of the 1988 World Series which chornicles their improbable run to the club's six and final World Series title with their stunning five game victory over the heavily favored Oakland A's.  It also includes games five and seven from their equally stunning upset of the heavily favored New York Mets.  The '88 series is best remembered for Kirk Gibson's bottom of the ninth, two out home run off of Dennis Eckersley that is one of the most memorable moments in baseball history.  While the image of an injured Gibson hobbling around the bases pumping his fists is an iconic image, it was his only apperance of the entire series.  It was ace pitcher Orel Hershiser that was the true star of the series.  Pitching twice and throwing two complete games, he pitched a shut-out in game two and gave up a mere two runs in the clinching game five.
2216 Chimes Of Freedom was originally released from Bruce's Amnesty International shows (the last time he played with the E Street Band prior to the 99-00 reunion tour) with the proceeds going to that cause.  The tour took place after his Tunnel of Love tour and you get two songs that were prominently featured in those shows, "Tougher Than The Rest" and "Be True".  The latter song was originally released as a B-side to the River release "Fade Away" and is a great song.  The title track was played specifically for the tour and is an old Dylan song, but Bruce's version is taken from the Byrds rendition of the song.  Springsteen has always sang about the underdog and this song perfectly captures the spirit of what Amnesty is all about.  The disk closes with an intense acoustic version of "Born To Run".  In it's original form, you can get lost in the big production of the song, but in this version it's stripped down to its core which is all about desperation and restlessness.  Chimes is an interesting document from an era in Bruce's career that doesn't get alot of attention, but considering what it was all about, maybe it should get more.
2217 Sweet: Our Best Cupcakes, Cookies, Candy, and More is a new cookbook that was culled together by the Editors of Food Network Magazine.  They took their favorite dessert recipes from the magazine.  As they explain, all the ingredients are easily found in most every supermarkets and the recipes are easy to follow.  They tout the fake out cakes as easy to make and not overly filly or fussy.  I would agree that the recipes are easy to follow, but that doesn't necessarily make them easy to make.  The fake out cakes will be a challange for even experienced bakers.  It is more architecture with those cakes as opposed to actual baking.  Yes you don't need crazy equipment, but you do need time and a deft hand to make these cakes.  If they were as easy to make at home as they make it seem to be, we'd all be capable of being the next Cake Boss (I know that's on a different channel).  That being said, most of the recipes do appear pretty easy to conquer. As you would expect from a Food Network cookbook, the photos are tremendous.
2218 Nick Lowe was one of the pioneers of new wave music.  He wrote scathingly witty songs that were delivered in a power pop, punkish tones. In recent years he has moved away from that sound and developed into something of a balladeer.  The Convincer is full mellow songs crooned by Mr. Lowe.  His voice has become more and more of an instrument over the years.  Despite the change in styles, Mr. Lowe has retained his wry sense of humor and sharp wit.  "Bygones (Won't Go)", "I'm A Mess", "Lately I've Let Things Slip", "Let's Stay In & Make Love" and "Only A Fool Breaks His Own Heart" all retain that classic Lowe writing style.  He does an elegant version of Johnny Rivers' "Poor Side Of Town" which may be the best song on the disk.
2219 Morph The Cat is Donald Fagen's first solo release in thirteen years.  The album, must like most everything he's done with Steely Dan and his previous two solo releases, is an impeccably produced mix of jazz, rock & soul.  The album is built around the fears of the post 9/11 world.  Much of Mr. Fagen's lyrics are cynical in nature and while his bite is still intact, there is a more personable feel.  "Security Joan" is a funny look at the sexuality of a frisking by an airport security guard.  "What I Do" revolves around talking to Ray Charles. Darker tones creep into "The Night Belongs To Mona" which tells the tale of a woman afraid to leave her apartment after 9/11 while "Mary Shut The Door" is the most overtly political song that contains thinly veiled lines about the Bush administration like referring to a thuggish cult gaining control of the government.  Mr. Fagen perfectly balances these darker feelings with his sardonic humor.  While he is a noted studio perfectionist, the sound of the album never feels over manipulated.  There is a fluidity and natural feel that allows the songs to breath.
2220 When Anthology I was released in late 1995, it spawned a second round of Beatlemania.  The album explores the band in it's infancy as we get a chance to listen to their earliest known recordings, from their Cavern and Hamburg days to their first demos and audition tapes.  We get little snippets of dialogue from the band and Brian Epstein and live performances from after they started to get big.  despite the fact some of the sound quality is below par, it is a real treat to hear the roots of the band.  You can almost picture in your mind what it must have been like to have been back in those days.  Even though the band had broken up 25 years earlier, the public still couldn't get enough of the Beatles as the album became their first ever to debut at number one.
2221 "Mary Queen Of Arkansas" is an all acoustic track that is one of the more lyrically dense songs of Bruce's early catalog.  The song references the circus which Mr. Springsteen used as a theme frequently at the time.  The song has been thought to be about a drag queen but that is merely speculation.
2222 Goin' South is a collection of southern rock songs that contains all the usual supects.  "Sweet Home Alabama", "Ramblin' Man", "Dixie Chicken", "Hold On Loosely", "Keep Your Hands To Yourself" and "The Devil Went Down To Georgia" are southern rock staples and anthems.  Even though you've probably heard these songs hundreds of times each, they still can excite.  I'd have to argue that songs like "Bad To The Bone", "Mississippi Queen", "Rocky Mountain Way" & "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" don't really qualify as true southern rock, but they are all great songs.  Goin' South is a great cd to pop into the car stereo for a road trip.
2223 "Crush With Eyeliner" is a solid track from Monster, not the best song from the album, but good none the less.  The reason to get single is for the three live songs.  "Fall On Me" is a R.E.M. classic, Mike Mills does his best Kate Pierson imitation on the superb "Me In Honey" and "Finest Worksong" is outstanding.
2224 Neil Young again throws a curve ball by following up his acoustic and country album Hawks & Doves with 1981's thrashing Re.ac.tor.  The album, like its predecessor, was universally panned by the critics upon its release. While the album was definitely thrown together as the last album to fulfill his Warner contract, it captures the raw and trashy energy of Crazy Horse.  The songs are clearly just thrown together with little or no lyrical cohesion, but the pure energy and power of the band makes up for any lack of creativity.  The epitome of this is song "T-Bone" which repeats the same line about mashed potatoes and t-bones over and  over for nine plus minutes.  But despite the inane lyric, the band's crashing and crunching riffs are mesmerizing.  The album's final song "Shots" is another standout with a riveting and threatening vibe.  For the most part, Re.ac.tor is a hodge-podge of an album and really only for Neil Young aficionados.
2225 Elton John has already released multiple greatest hits packages, so in order to make this one standout from the pack, it bears the task of commerating his sixtieth birthday and includes a bonus DVD.  The songs are all classics and need no explanation and the DVD contains a good live performance of several hits and straight music videos.  The music alone merits five stars and the DVD is must for any Elton John fanatic or catalog completist.  Nothing much here for the average fan as they probably already own these songs on other disks.
2226 Out Of Our Heads contains the strongest original material from the band's first few albums released between 1963-1965.  Of course "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" tops the list and with it's fuzz guitar riff, it is one of the most memorable songs in history.  "Play With Fire" shows off a more mature edge.  The covers they choose are consistently on target including the menacing "The Spider & The Fly", the powerful "That's How Strong My Love Is" and "Mercy, Mercy".  Heads marks a major leap by the Jagger-Richards songwriting team and the band was really starting the gel.
2227 Diamond Dogs is David Bowie's attempt to translate George Orwell's 1984 to music.  Mr. Bowie sometimes misses along the way with the translation, but he gets an A for the ambitious effort.  Gone are the glam-rock stylings of Ziggy Stardust & Aladdin Sane as they are replaced by futuristic sounds and landscapes.  The album has a doomed sound to it that expresses the somber mood of the book.  The title track & "Rebel Rebel" are deserved FM radio classics, but songs like "Sweet Thing", "We Are The Dead" & "Big Brother" show Mr. Bowie's to shake things up. He had always had a willingness to breakaway from one style and try another.  Diamond Dogs is not as complete an album as some of his other releases, but it is another essential piece of his musical puzzle.
2228 Green Day's American Idiot has been compared to The Who's classic rock operas and The Kinks' sharp and crafty songwriting and those comparisons are well deserved.  But the punk fire and political passion remind one of the power and urgency of The Clash.  The songs on the album deal with the current political climate and the paranoia and fear of living in the current world.  While the tone of the album is downcast, the music is soaring and sonically moving. It shows tremendous growth as the band is more than just three punks thrashing around on guitar, bass and drums.  The lyrics show Billie Joe Armstrong's usual sarcastic wit, but have deeper meaning and cutting incite.  The album is best listened to straight through, but songs like the brilliant title track, "Jesus Of Suburbia", "St. Jimmy" and the pretty "Wake Me When September Comes" standout on their own.  American Idiot is one of the best rock albums to come out in a long time and Green Day deserves all the accolades they received and then some.
2229 Rock On's 1988 collection has some very strong songs that are offset by some less than stellar work.  Bobby McFerrin's acapella goofy, offbeat song "Don't Worry Be Happy" was a surprise number one hit and walked off with the Grammies for Record & Song Of Year.  Robert Palmer's "Simply Irresistible" is basically a rewrite of his "Addicted To Love", but it is an enjoyable song anyway.  White Lion had a hit with "Wait" which is pure hair metal and Paul Carrack had a welcomed top ten hit with the sublime "Don't Shed A Tear".  Sheriff's powerful "When I'm With You" only reached the lower level of the charts when it was originally released in 1982, but it hit number one in 1988 when power ballads were in vogue.  Belinda Carlisle had another top ten hit with the plucky "I Get Weak".  Expose's "Season Change" is pure corn, The Jets' "Rocket 2 U" is garbage and Johnny Hates Jazz's "shattered Dreams" is forgettable.
2230 Sports & Fore were huge sellers for Huey Lewis & The News.  They are both great albums, but for their follow-up to Fore, the band decided to stretch their musical horizons.  Small World doesn't follow the path of their previous four releases.  Instead of sticking to a strict, well produced, four-minute song, the band stretches things out.  "Small World", parts one and two are great songs (part two is basically a continuation of part one) where the band lets things loose and jams.  "Old Antone's" has a New Orleans jazz feel to it.  "Perfect World" was a number three hit and is brilliant track.  "Bobo's Tempo" is a basic jam song built around a chanting chorus and loose riffs.  "Give Me The Keys (And I'll Drive You Crazy)" is a more traditional News song and is a fun song.  Small World breaking of formula was a shock to fans of the band and it didn't sell well.  But the band showed they were capable of expanding their sound and that makes it a very compelling listen.
2231 "Don't Wear Those Shoes" is a rare "Weird Al" original that doesn't directly parody any particular style.  It has a straight, mid 80's pop sound and with a female backing chorus.  The songs revolves around Al begging his wife to do any number of embarrasing things to him, just don't wear a particular pair of shoes.
2232 Michael Jackson's History greatest hits album contains some of the finest pop songs recorded in the past twenty years.  Songs like "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough", "Billie Jean", "Beat It", "Rock With You", "Man In the Mirror", "The Way You Make Me Feel" and the rest of the songs on disk one are pop classics and lay evidence as to why he is one of the most electrifying performances in music history.  Disk two is made up of original material that strays away from usual positivity that Mr. Jackson exudes.  In the songs we hear an angry and bitter man.  "Childhood" is a scathing account of how the press and fame robbed him of his own youth, "Tabloid Junkie" is another shot at the press and "2 Bad" is anger filed.  "Scream" is a first time duet with his sister Janet that is a good song but falls short of the high expectations.  There are some excellent songs on disk two like the lush and beautiful "You Are Not Alone" (which became the first song ever to debut at number one on the Billboard singles chart) and the stirring "Stranger In Moscow".  If disk two were a single new Michael Jackson album it would be a bit of a disappointment, but coupled with the first disk of his greatest hits, History is a must have.
2233 American Fool was John Cougar's major breakthrough. The album was buoyed by two major hits "Hurts So Good" and "Jack & Diane". The former has a heavy guitar riff that sounds like a motorcycle revving up and it S&M stylings perfectly fit the leather clad rebel rocker image he had at the time. The former has an equally memorable guitar riff, but the song is a reminiscence about days gone by and dealing with growing up. "Hurts So Good" went to number two and "Jack & Diane" became his only number one single and both songs ended up among the ten biggest of 1982. The rest of the album contains some equally pleasing tracks like "Thundering Hearts", "China Girl", "Danger List" and "Hand To Hold On To". The album also went to number one and so far is the only one of his to do so.  The bonus track on this album is the would be title track and it should have been included on the original release.
2234 After a decade of being a cult band on the fringe of breaking through, The B-52's smashed through the barrier with this instant party classic in the summer of 1989.  The song is an open invitation to join everyone down at the the love shack for good times and dancing.  You practically feel like you are in the Chrysler cruising down the Atlanta highway.  The infectous groove coupled with the pur fun and joy vocalists Fred Schneider, Kate Pierson & Cindy Wilson bring to the song make it almost impossible to not enjoy.  The song peaked at number two and cemented the band as more than just a critical darling.
2235 Bridges To Babylon is the most recent Stones studio album and much like most of their work for the past twenty years, it is a solid, but not spectacular effort.  Being that they are one of a handful of the greatest artists of all-time, they still can make great music as "Saint Of Me" and "Might As Well Get Juiced" attest to.  Keith Richards in recent years has taken a more aggressive role in the lead singing department and he contributes three superb songs, "You Don't Have To Mean It", "Thief In The Night" and "How Can I Stop".  Most of the rest of the album is plain at best.
2236 Mary J. Blige has always been a master at combining r&b and hip hop.  She was one of the first to put the two mediums together.  On her new album, No More Drama, she enlists the help of Dr. Dre, The Neptunes, Eve and Lenny Kravitz and serves up yet another winner.  "Family Affair" is the first single and it is a funk flavored track adeptly guided by Dr. Dre.  Mr. Kravitz provides an acoustic guitar on "PMS" which helps Ms. Blige branch out her sound.  The title track is an amazing piece of music in which she cuts loose on the vocals and producers Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis build it brilliantly around the theme to The Young & The Restless.  No More Drama is yet another great album from the queen of hip hop/soul.
2237 The Jackson Five experienced success right out of the box with their first four singles hitting number one and their next two peaking at number two. To capitalize on their immense popularity, Motown produced a television special that centered around a homecoming concert the band performed in their home state of Indiana. The resulting album, Goin' Back To Indiana, is a great snap shot of the band. They had cut their teeth on the road and despite their young ages, they exhibit an experienced professionalism. The first three songs are from the special with Bill Cosby and Tommy Smothers providing some comic relief before and between stellar versions of "I Want You Back" and "Maybe Tomorrow". "The Day Basketball Was Saved" is a goofy number that certainly loses something without the visual aid that television provided. It is excessively long and doesn't really work well on the album. The homecoming show segment kicks off with three cover songs. The first two are roof raising versions of Sly & The Family Stone's "I Want To Take You Higher" & "Stand" and the third is a great take on Traffic's "Feelin' Alright". "Walk On" is a funky, Isaac Hayes' styled song that is combined with a rolling "The Love You Save" for a nicely contrasted medley. The album closes with a let it all hang out version of the title track.
2238 U2 have always had an undercurrent of spirituality and religiousness running through their music.  Growing up in a country that is literally divided by faith, the band members were obviously influenced by religion.  October is their most overtly religious album where songs like "Rejoice", "Fire", "I Fall Down" and "Is That All?" find the band searching for answers to higher questions.  "Gloria" opens up the album with a punch as the song which starts off with a driving guitar riff before ending up with a hymn-like closing.  "Tomorrow" is one of their most Irish sounding songs and the title track is a strong instrumental.  "I Threw A Brick Through A Window" and "Stranger In A Strange Land" are more in a political bent.  October was only the band's second album and shows a that they could build on the tremendous potential that they showed on their debut release.
2239 The Police reached their creative and commercial summit with the release  of Synchronicity.  Buoyed by the success of the haunting number one single  "Every Breath You Take", the album spent a staggering 17 weeks at  the top of the album charts.  Sting is one of rock's best songwriters and  he crafted an album that explores adult themes that usually don't equate  into hit singles.  Stuart Copeland's and Andy Summers' playing is superb  and together the band tackle subjects like obsession in "Every Breath  you Take", subservience in "Wrapped around Your Finger" and  the monotany of every day life in "Synchronicity II".  "Tea  In The Sahara" is great song as is "King Of Pain" and  basically the rest of the album. Unfortunately this would be the band's  swan song as after Synchronicity and its supporting tour, they broke up.  They have briefly reunited a few times, but to date have not released  another full studio album together.
2240 David Bowie is the ultimate chameleon in rock.  He has changed his image and persona and taken on alter egos so many times it's tough to remember them all.  One that rises above them all and is impossible to forget is Ziggy Stardust.  The image of the androgynous glam rocker has lived on and gave rise to Mr. Bowie's most critically acclaimed and arguably best album.  Mark Paytress examines the making of the album as well as the circumstances surrounding the creation of Ziggy Stardust and his Spiders From Mars.  The book also details Mr. Bowie's career before the album with the most revealing and interesting being his early days in the music business.  Mr. Paytress writes in too much a fan style as opposed to a journalistic style, but overall it is a solid book.
2241 One thing you can say about Bob Dylan, is that he is courageous enough to mix things up.  Whether it be going electric, playing country or playing Christian rock, he follows his own muse.  On Street Legal, he tries his hand at a lavish, slickly produced, almost pop album.  The album employs alot of horns, background singers and sounds in some places like Mr. Dylan was aiming for a career as a Vegas act.  But that being said, when this album works, it hit some very high notes such as "Senor", "Where Are You Tonight" and "Changing Of The Guard".  But the failures are equally low such as "Baby, stop Crying", "New Pony" and "No Time To Think".  Street Legal is worth a listen for its unusual sound.
2242 Head On is vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson's 1971 album that has a different sound than most any other of his other albums. His music normally falls into the free jazz, avant-garde arena, but Head On fits more closely to the Bitches Brew era sound of Miles Davis.  It is not a fusion album by design, but it has funk sounding overtones that guide several of the songs.  If you like smart, inventive jazz music then Head On is more than worth a listen.
2243 Two of things that make U2 such as special band is their passion and energy.  While these traits are present on their studio albums, they come to the front in their live performances.  Under A Blood Red Sky perfectly  captures all their raw emotions and energy.  The album opens with the  soaring "Gloria" from their October album and then seiges into  "11 O'Clock Tick Tock".  Next is a scorching version of their  first hit "I Will Follow".  "Party Girl" is a great  lost U2 song.  It was originally issued as a b-side and available on  imports only.  It starts off with just the Edge strumming his guitar and  builds up to a powerful crescendo.  Bono states on the record that  "Sunday Bloody Sunday" is not a rebel song, but it is definately  an anthem.  Bono has always had a bit of a preacher in him and as he urges  the crowd to chant "no more", the album takes on the feel of an  old time revival.  After whipping things up to a fever-pitch, "The  Electric Co." and "New Year's Day" follow and they mellow  things out. The hymn-like "40" is the final track and the album  ends on a poignant note with just the crowd singing the chorus.  For those  of you who may only be familar with the U2 of the 90's and their mammoth  Pop Mart and Zooropa concerts, this album is a fine sampler of their  earlier efforts.  While the approach is simplier in nature, it produces  just as big of a sound.
2244 With his glass shattering falsetto, Frankie Valli has one of the most distinctive voices in music.  This cd is a nice combination of the band's mid to late 60's efforts along with all of Mr. Valli's big solo hits.  The band's "Let's Hang On", "Opus 17" & "Tell It To The Rain" still found fresh and Mr. Valli's solo "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" is one of the ultimate sing-a-long songs in history.  Some of the 70's stuff like "My Eyes Adored You" venture into schmaltz, but others like the song that never dies "December 1963" (a number one song in 1976 and a Top 40 hit again in the 90's) and the title song to the movie Grease more than make up for it.  This isn't the definitive Four Seasons collection, but a nice place to start.
2245 The tradional 5th wedding anniversary is wood and even though this is a picture of a carving on a tree, the item itself is actually a tile and the frame is a solid plastic material which is noted in the description but may be overlooked when looking at the picture.  The tile is a different and interesting take instead of the usual paper photo. This is a cool and sentinmental little trinket to give your spouse for your 5th anniversary.
2246 Dirty Jokes & Beer is the first book by Drew Carey, star of his own self-titled TV show.  What makes the show so funny is Mr. Carey's ability to poke fun at himself and the humorous look at every day life.  This book is written in the same style except it doesn't suffer from the restrictions of network TV. If you are scared off by vulgar language and sexual situations, then this book isn't for you.  Mr. Carey goes into tales of his life with a self-deprecating style and keen eye.  His account of his trip to Mardi Gras is hysterical and his chapter on the ability, due to his TV success, to buy a house and accoutrements is priceless. The three short stories that make up the end of the book are extremely funny as well.  One minor setback is the chapter of big dick jokes.  A few of them are very funny, but he drags it out for too long and they get a little tedious.  Overall, this is an extremely enjoyable read and just like his show, laugh out loud funny.
2247 "Getting Closer" is the final track on Billy Joel's The Bridge album.  The song has a nice stuttering beat and cool organ swirling throughout with a midbreak solo that is a welcome sound.  Mr. Joel's classic pounding piano sound permeates the song.  There is a jittering guitar providing some tension.  The song is slightly undone by some weak lyrics and a slightly shouting vocal.
2248 Lionel Richie is best known for his ballad work and they show up quite liberally in this anthology of The Commodores.  The band's only two number one hits, the sweet "Three Times A Lady" and the gorgeous "Still", both fall into that category, but the band could get down.  Songs like "Machine Gun", "Slippery When Wet" and the ubiquitous "Brick House" are funk filled gems.  "Sweet Love" is a beautiful, soaring song and "Just To Be Close To You" is another lush track.  "Oh No" is one of the band's best songs and other strong tracks include "Heroes", "Sail On", the Marvin Gaye tribute "Nightshift" and "Lady (You Bring Me Up)".
2249 Hearts & Bones is the great forgotten Paul Simon.  When the album was released in 1983, it was a complete failure.  It received some decent reviews, but the public wasn't buying it.  The album set the stage for his "comeback" with Graceland.  It's too bad that more people aren't familiar with the album because it is the most intensely personal album of his career.  His marriage was in shambles and he was at a low point in his life.  As the album's title suggests, the songs are about affairs of the heart and deeply emotional.  Hearts & Bones is not a happy record, but one that shows an artist willing to relate his feelings to his fans.
2250 Jamie Oliver's cooking has always been very British in nature.  Despite being well versed in Italian cuisine, his cooking shows and recipe books always have a real English bent to them.  The book goes off his usual path was inspired by a trip he took across America and the recipes focus on five regions of the country, New York, Louisiana, Arizona, Los Angeles, Georgia and the Wild West (Wyoming and the area).  The book is replete with many pictures of Mr. Oliver and the landscapes and has nice hefty feel that all good cookbooks show have.
2251 A Year In Wine by Tyler "Dr. Vino" Colman is a superb book that offers fun and entertaining insights for both wine experts and novices.  Mr. Colman strikes a perfect balance as he writes in a style that doesn't dumb down the wine buying and drinking experience for those who are enthusiasts nor does he get so technical that novices can't follow along.  You'll learn which wines are better in the different seasons, what buying stemware really means, why you should become friends with your local wine merchant and so on.  This book is a lot of fun to read and I recommend it to any one who loves a good bottle of wine.
2252 Anthony Bourdain had written a couple of novels to little acclaim, but it was his memoir, Kitchen Confidential, that made him a famous chef and author.  A Cook's Tour is a book about Mr. Bourdain's search for the perfect meal.  He sets out to travel to globe hitting points everywhere from San Francisco to Moscow to Cambodia to Mexico to France to Scotland to his hometown of New York City.  No food is too scary or repulsive to try and no alcoholic beverage is ever denied.  Along his journey, Mr. Bourdain eats food as varied as haggis, sushi, cobra's heart, iguana, stinky cheeses, oysters, doughnuts, hot dogs and sheep testicles.  In Kitchen Confidential, Mr. Bourdain ridicules celebrity chefs that appear on the Food Network, but he gives into the television business as the entire is being filmed by the network for a series.  Mr. Bourdain has a sharp and sarcastic writing voice and a very sardonic sense of humor.  The antidotes from each stop along his journey offer a keen insight into both the country or city's cultural and its day to day eating habits.  Mr. Bourdain's details are vivid and one feels as if you are riding shotgun with him on his trip.
2253 The Best That I Could Do culls John Mellencamp's singles from a ten year span that make up his golden age.  Taking songs from His self-titled album through The Lonesome Jubilee, we hear his progression from leather clad rocker to Midwestern bard.  There's not a clunker in the bunch with songs like "Cherry Bomb" (his best single), "Crumblin' Down", "Jack & Diane" & "R.O.C.K. In The U.S.A." particularly standing out.  In fact they among the best singles of the 80's.  The album contains one new song "Without Expression" and although it isn't up to the hits, it's still a good song.  If you like, straight ahead, honest rock music, then this greatest hits collection should be in your collection.
2254 Canadian brothers Don & Jeff Breithaupt examine the first five years of the 70's music scene in Precious & Few.  Each chapter is broken up to cover a certain type of music like bubblegum or examine a particular group like The Rolling Stones.  The chapter heading lists essential songs from the subject.  The brothers interject personal accounts into the stories that make for a nice touch.  The book is a quick, easy and completely enjoyable read.
2255 "Highway Patrolman" is a great story song that was so cinematic in it's delivery that Sean Penn adapted the song into his 1991 directorial debut The Indian Runner.  The song deals with the Roberts brothers, Joe & Frankie who are opposite sides of the law.  Joe is a failed famer who takes a job as a highway patrolman and Frankie is a vet who is always getting into trouble.  One night Joe gets a call that there has been a fight at a bar with the attacker being Frank.  Joe gets into a high speed chase with Frankie but backs off and lets him cross over the Canadian border.  Joe knows that blood is thicker than the law, so he lets Frankie escape.  Maybe he thinks that jail will only harden Frankie more and that a fresh start in a new place would be what's best.
2256 Richard Ford has created in Frank Bascome the most interesting, insightful & thought provoking character in American literature since Holden Caufield.  Over the course of a Fourth of July weekend, Mr. Ford takes us  on a journey that moves from the current day to flashbacks in the life of  Frank Bascome.  He is a real estate agent in a southern New Jersey town and  one of his current clients is a couple who are looking for the ideal home.  When Frank thinks he has found the right home, they have reservations.  Frank never seems to be able to meet the couple's pie-in-the-sky  expectations and that is central theme to the book.  No matter how hard we  try, we never seem to meet of own expectations in life.  Frank has had a  failed marriage, a failed career as a sportswriter and has entered what he  calls an "existance period" in his life. He yearns for the days  gone by when as he says "pride still mattered".  Mr. Ford's  perspectives on life in general are razor sharp and he balances the  deepness of the story with the right amount of humor so the book doesn't  become too heavy-handed.  I recommend this book as highly as any book out  there.  If you liked "Catcher In The Rye", check this one out.  You will not be disappointed.
2257 Zuma was the first studio album that was credited to Neil Young & Crazy Horse since his second release, Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere.  While various members of the band appeared on albums in between the releases, Zuma contains the power rocking sound that only the complete band could produce.  "Barstool Blues" is an underrated gem that has bluesy guitar riff that pops throughout the song.  "Drive Back" and "Don't Cry No Tears" have a grungy sound.  "Stupid Girl" is great song with a great vocal.  "Pardon My Heart" is an acoustic based number as is the closer "Through My Sails" which features Crosby, Stills & Nash and was a leftover from the aborted sessions in 1974 that was supposed to yield the band's followup to Deja Vu.  The standout track on the album is "Cortez The Killer" with its droning guitar solo and vivid lyrics, the song is tremendous.
2258 Phil Berger's Miracle on 33rd St. was first published right after the New York Knicks won their first NBA title in 1970.  The team is one of most beloved of all time in New York sports and was made up of several NBA legends.  Mr. Berger was a beat writer and his inside story on this magical team is an immensely enjoyable read.  The players on the team seem almost like characters created for a novel.  The smooth and stylish Walt "Clyde" Frazier, the leader Willis Reed, the studious Bill Bradley (who would go one to be a US Senator and run for President), the scrappy, iron tough Dave DeBusschere, the understated but invaluable Dave Barnett and the supporting players all have interesting personalities on and off the court.  The late, great Red Holzman coached this team to greatness.  The book is even more interesting to read now, some thirty years later, as it serves as a history lesson in what the NBA used to be like.  Marv Albert provides a humorous introduction.  A great sports book and a great read.
2259 This Rock On collection of hits from 1976 is an up and down affair.  There are a couple of great songs, the smoky "Sweet Thing" by Rufus featuring Chaka Khan and the AM Gold of Orleans rumbling "Still The One".  A few decent songs like Dorothy Moore's soulful "Misty Blue", The Sylvers kinetic "Boogie Fever" and Gary Wright's punchy "Love Is Alive".  The balance of the album goes from passable songs like The Bellamy Brothers' "Let Your Love Flow" to down right junk like The Bay City Rollers' "Saturday Night", KC & The Sunshine Band's "Shake, Shake, Shake (Your Booty)" and Silver Connection's "Get Up & Boogie".
2260 Nellie McKay is a headstrong, twenty-four year old artist who isn't afraid to take chances with her music and not compromise her artistic vision.  Very few artists debut with a double album and even less have a double album for their second release.  But that is exactly what Ms. McKay has done with Pretty Little Head.  She refused her record label's request to cut down on the songs, so she took the album and released it on her own label.  Must like her debut, the album is an eclectic mix of piano pop, jazz and Broadway sounds.  The songs have a lighter air than her biting debut, but they are no less interesting.  Ms. McKay has a wonderful voice and a strong wit in her songwriting.  Like most double albums, the songs are all over the place, but Ms. McKay is such an entertaining talent that you are always drawn in.
2261 In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida by Iron Butterfly is one of those old war horses from the psychedelic era that rambles on for 17 plus minutes and was deemed deep and mind expanding at the time.  Its the kind of song that punk rockers looked to stick a safety pin through to burst the 60s love and peace idealism.  Looking back on the song with the space of almost a half-century, it is over indulgant, about 10 minutes too long,  but that propulsive beat  will still cause you to knod your head in rhythm.  Its the thump of the beat coupled with the chilling eeriness of the organ and sting of the guitar that makes you forgot the endless noodling that goes on for the middle 13 or so minutes that threaten to sink the song.  The album itself is really not much more than a collection of middling psychedlia that would long been lost to the era if not for the unforgetable title track.  The album spent the better part of 1969 lodged inside the top ten although never rising higher than number 4.
2262 Paul McCartney always wanted Wings to be more that just his backing band.  He wanted them to be a complete band, with himself considered as just  another member.  Previous releases were credited to Paul McCartney &  Wings, but in order to strenghen the group idea, Venus & Mars was the  first album to be released as just Wings.  It was also the first to have  songs sung by other band members.  While on subsequent releases this  strategy contributed to uneven albums, it works out great on Venus &  Mars.  Denny Laine contributes the mystical "Spirits Of Ancient  Egypt" and Jimmy McCullough plays soothsayer on the excellent  "Medicine Jar".  The song is about the inability to quit using  drugs and McCullough would, himself, fatally overdose just a few years  later.  Even though Mr. McCartney tried to foster the group atmosphere, he,  of course, is the true star of the album.  The album opens with the dreamy  "Venus & Mars" and seiges right into the roaring "Rock  Show".  "Listen To What The Man Said" is different from just  about anything else in the McCartney catalog as it's very jazzy in nature.  It was the album's only number one single.  Other standout tracks include  the rocking "Letting Go", "Call Me Back Again", the  goofy "Magneto & Titanium Man" and "Love In Song".  Venus & Mars doesn't get the praise that Band On The Run got, but it is  the equal to and in many ways a better and more interesting record.
2263 "People Like Us" from the Talking Heads is another track that shows how they can be like a musical chameleon.  It has a vague country feel with a steel guitar and fiddle, but you certainly would not call it a country song.  They mix those two instruments seemlessly into their world beat sound.
2264 R&B isn't generally thought of music with a message. It's supposed to make you get up and dance, not comment on social issues. Marvin Gaye proved that R&B artists could make great protest records and Gamble & Huff constantly made songs that were socially aware. The team's main mouthpieces were the O'Jays and together on Ship Ahoy they created an album that tackled subjects from the ecology, to greed to slavery. "Put Your Hands Together" is a plea for people to pray for and help those less fortunate. "For The Love Of Money" is a about the lengths people will go to get money. "This Air I Breathe" is about pollution and "You Got Your Hooks In Me" is about obession. The title song is a 10:00 opus about a subject rarely broached in music, slavery. Including the sounds of waves breaking on the ocean, the song takes us aboard a slave ship. Even though the album takes on tough subjects, the Philly Soul Sound makes the album immensly listenable. As always with Gamble & Huff, the album contains alot of stiring strings and you won't find a heavier bass line anywhere than on "Money". The O'Jay's are in fine vocal form and 27 years later, the messages, unfortunately, are still releveant.
2265 Speak Of The Devil is easily the hardest rocking album in the Chris Isaak catalog.  Though the album has the dark overtone of his previous works, he opens things up and is not quite as brooding.  That's not to say he's found true love and is completely happy as songs like "Lonely Nights", "Please" and "Black Flowers" will attest to, but he's loosened up a bit.  The title track is a great song as "Wanderin'".  "Super Magic 2000" is an eerie instrumental that sounds like a lost theme song to a 60's sci-fi show like The Outer Limits or The Twilight Zone.  Speak Of The Devil isn't the best he's ever done, but still is high quality music.
2266 My Week with Marilyn features Academy Award nominated performances from Michelle Williams as Marilyn Monroe and Kenneth Branagh as Laurence Olivier.  The film is culled from the diaries of Colin Clark (Eddie Redmayne) who worked as a third assistant director on the film The Prince & The Showgirl which is depicted in the movie. In the film, Ms. Monroe develops a trust and shares what may or may not have been an intimate relationship with Mr. Clark.  Ms. Williams may seem like an odd choice to play Marilyn since she really doesn't bear much resemblance to her other than having blonde hair, she does an amazing job capturing her spirit.  She has the whispery voice and the playful ingnue aspects of Ms. Monroe's personality down pat.  She also has the self-doubting, insecure persona that made Ms. Monroe such an enigma down as well.  Mr. Branagh is a commanding presence as Sir Laurence as he struggles to understand the method acting that Ms. Monroe is employing in finding her character.  Judi Dench plays actress Sybil Thorndike who becomes a buffer for and a champion of Ms. Monroe, Emma Watson has a small part as Lucy a wardrobe assistant with whom Colin takes out on a couple of dates and Julie Ormond plays Vivian Leigh, Sir Laurence's wife at the time.
2267 Volume 17 of Super Hits of the 70's contains some of the best and the worst of what the 70's had to offer.  "Dancing In The Moonlight" by King Harvest is an all-time classic with it's shuffling keyboard riff and sing along chorus.  "Dance With Me" is a nice ballad from Orleans, "Love Hurts" by Nazereth is one of the original power ballads and packs a punch, Mike Post's "Rockford Files Theme" is one of the better TV theme songs and Brownsville Station's "Smokin' In The Boy's Room" is trashy fun.  On the other side "Feelings" by Morris Albert is one of the most insipid pieces of schmaltz ever recorded.  It is a song that many people point to for giving 70's music a bad name.  "Good Time Charlie's Got The Blues" by Danny O'Keefe and Freddie Fender's pseudo tex-mex "Before The Next Teardrop Falls" are both equally awful.
2268 Chris Isaak's debut album takes its name from his backing band, Silvertone.  The band's sound harkens back to the hey day of Sun Studios where artists like Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash and, most notably for Mr. Isaak, Roy Orbison ruled the day.  There is a brooding, dark and eerie sound to the songs.  "Dancin'" has an almost funky vibe to it, "The Lonely Ones" is a Roy Orbison redux and is an absolutely magnificent song and "Western Stars" is a lilting ballad.  Mr. Isaak has a deep, smooth voice that adds a density to the songs while Silvertone plays songs in a way that seems on the surface to be quite simple but are full of nuances.  This is a great debut record.
2269 After the hard edge of Whenever We Wanted, Human Wheels find John Mellencamp again quieting things down. Though you could draw a comparison to Big Daddy, it would be through the softer nature of the album, not the lyrical content. The theme that runs through Human Wheels is about relationships and their growth. The title track is an instant classic. "What If I Came Knocking", "When Jesus Left Birmingham", "Junior" and "Suzanne & The Jewels" are all first rate John Mellencamp songs. Human Wheels finds John Mellencamp realizing that he is no longer a kid, but an adult and the songs are the most mature of his career.
2270 Anyone who has visited the Bellagio in Las Vegas has to be impressed with Dale Chihuly glass work that adorns the ceiling in the main lobby.  This book takes your from his conception of the work through its intsallation and along with the companion dvd is a must own for anyone who is a fan of the piece and of Mr. Chihuly himself.
2271 Dance Naked was a surprise release by John Mellencamp.  The album was released only a few months after Human wheels and was spurred on by his biggest hit of the 90's (and since Cherry Bomb in 1988), the Van Morrison cover "Wild Night".  Me'shell NdegeOcello duets with Mr. Mellencamp and her pulsating bass provides a strong backbone to the song.  The party atmosphere of that song is in sharp contrast to the rest of the album.  The album's title is appropriate as the other songs are barer in nature.  The title track, "Another Sunny Day 12/25", "L.U.V." and "The Big Jack" are especially strong.  coupled with Human Wheels, Dance Naked find Mr. Mellencamp will to expose himself to the public.
2272 This is the first Bose SoundLink I have owned, so I can't compare it to the previous versions of the system.  That being said, the sound quality from the system is excellent.  For its relatively small size, the speaker produces a loud sound with really good clarity.  While there is no bass control on the player itself, you can adjust the bass by placing it close to a wall.  The closer you get, the more bass the player kicks out. The battery life is excellent, but it must be charged using the supplied adapter and not a usb connection. The player is on the high-end price wise for portable speakers at $299.  The sound is superior to most any speaker I've heard in the $100. or lower range, so it really comes down to how much do you want to pay out for a speaker system versus the diminishing return of the sound.  If you are looking to shell out the cash, then this Bose system should be right at the top of your list.
2273 Weather Report was one of the first fusion bands.  The founders, Joe  Zawinul & Wayne Shorter both played with Miles Davis on some of his  fusion efforts.  They released a few very good albums, but hit their peak  with Heavy Weather.  Combining jazz, rock, soul and latin rhythms, the  album reaches out to many different audiences.  It has a strong commercial  appeal, but it doesn't compromise any of the band's musical integrity.  The  playing is smooth and easy, with bassist Jaco Pastorius particularly  standing out.  His bass provides the album's backbone and shows why he was  truly one of music's best.  Listen to his work on "Birdland" and  "Harlequin" and you'll see why.  Heavy Weather is a must for any  jazz fan and is a great introduction for anyone not familiar with the  artform.
2274 Jonathan Mahler's Ladies & Gentlemen, The Bronx Is Burning is an excellent book on a year in the life of New York City.  The year is 1977 and it was a year marked by incredible turmoil.  The city is under a fiscal crisis, there is a blackout that leads to massive looting, the Son of Sam killings and other problems.  There is also a mayoral race and the Yankees race towards the World Series.  Mr. Mahler perfectly melds all these elements together.  He bounces between stories first starting out with 1976 Bicentennial celebration and ending up with the Yankees winning the World Series.  He focuses on the struggles of Mayor Abe Beame, Yankees manager Billy Martin and the Yankees new superstar Reggie Jackson as well as Ed Koch, Mario Cuomo, the Bushwick section of Brooklyn and the detectives on the Son of Sam case. He weaves these stories together and shows how New York City was on the brink of collapse and how these people and events did battle for the soul of the city.  The book takes the tome of a Shakespearian saga and is a truly engrossing story.
2275 Piano Man is the album that helped Billy Joel first grab the public's ear.  The title track is an irresistible sing along number that has earned its place as a classic.  The song's omnipresence overshadows the fact there are a couple of songs on the album that are even better.  "Captain Jack" is a sprawling wide-open number that Mr. Joel sings with the perfect growl.  "Worst Comes To Worst" is another tale about a lounge singer with a much more bouncy beat.  "Piano Man" has become his signature number, but "The Ballad Of Billy The Kid" should be. Much like the former, the latter tells of his life. Opening up with a cowboy sound, the song shifts and moves back and forth and is one Mr. Joel's best.  "You're My Home" is a gift to his wife while "Stop In Nevada" has a nice beat.  The album is dragged down by some lesser tunes like "Ain't No Crime", "Travelin' Prayer" and "Somewhere Along The Line".
2276 Long out of print on cd, Nick Lowe's 1979 masterpiece Labour Of Lust finally gets reissued by the great Yep Roc label.  Backed by his fellow members of Rockpile, Labour Of Lust finds Mr. Lowe bashing out some of the finest power pop songs that he ever released.  The album kicks off with his lone hit song "Cruel To Be Kind" which rose all the way up to number 12 on the Hot 100.  It is one of the best songs of the 70's and a true pop gem.  "Cracking Up" has a slinky groove and a great chorus of "I don't think it's funny no more".  "Big Kick, Plain Scrap" has a staccato beat while "American Squirm" masks a biting lyric behind shimmering guitars and soaring vocals.  "Born Fighter" is an aggressive rocker that rolls into the quiet and intimate "You Make Me" with its soft vocals and acoustic guitar backing.  "Skin Deep" also prominently features the acoustic guitar, but in a pretty pop setting.  "Switchboard Susan" is another aggressive number with a killer riff, while "Endless Grey Ribbon" slows it down again with to a languid pace and is probably the weakest cut on the album. "Without Love" has a country twang that was probably inspired by his father-in-law at the time Johnny Cash (who ended up doing a cover version of the song) while "Dose Of You" returns to pub rock and the original albums closes with the pounding and catchy "Love So Fine".  The only complaint about the release is there is only one bonus track "Basing Street" which is a quiet song that was originally the b-side on the UK single for "Cracking Up".
2277 If you like making cocktails, then this ice tray is a great buy.  The one big ice cube melts much slower in your drink and helps prevent it from getting watered down.  The silicone material makes it easy to pop an ice cube out of the tray.
2278 As you would expect from a David McCullough book, The Greater Journey: American In Paris is a meticulously researched, immensely detailed book.  The book follows the lives of American expats in Paris from the early 1800's until 1900.  He focuses on the intellectual crowd including artists, inventors, medical students, politicians and others.  He explains on early travels across the ocean, the passengers took a leap of faith on ships that were dicey at best and then how it progressed up to steamships which included opulent transportation for people with the means.  Mr. McCollugh also offers some insight into the city itself during the period including the massive reconstruction that took place under Napoleon III.  All in all, the book is well written, but the subject matter and subjects sometimes don't live up.
2279 Rock, Rhythm and Doo Wop, Vol. 1: The Greatest Songs From Early Rock 'n' Roll is yet another great box set from Rhino Records.  The songs span the early years of rock music from the mid 50's to the early 60's.  As the title suggests, all styles of music are represented by artists like The Drifters, Buddy Holly, The Shirelles, Del Shannon, The Platters, Ray Charles, Little Richard and many others.  Well worth the price, this is a perfect collection for fans of this musical era.
2280 If you ever wondered where cliches like naked as a jaybird or killing two birds with one stone came from, then you need to check out this book.  James Rogers has compiled thousands of cliches and the easy to read and use dictionary is great.  Anyone who does alot of writing or research, then this book should be on your shelf.  Even if you don't, it is still an interesting and many times humorous read.
2281 Jimmy Buffett started out as a country singer-songwriter.  His first several releases were strong country-rock records.  In 2003, Mr. Buffett dueted with Alan Jackson on countrified "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" and the results were Mr. Buffett's first number one record as the song topped the Country charts.  For Licensed To Chill, Mr. Buffett again duets with Mr. Jackson as well as several other notable country stars like Kenny Chesney, George Strait, Toby Keith and Martina McBride.  The results are a pleasant mixing of country and parrothead rock.  The album's best track is his lone duet with a non-country performer, Bill Withers, "Playin' The Loser Again" which finds Mr. Buffett holding his own with the powerful Mr. withers and sounding quite soulful.  Licensed To Chill is yet another solid album that will keep Parrotheads happy until Mr. Buffett's next release.
2282 After the sprawling sounds of his first four albums, Honky Chateau finds Elton John moving in a more commercial direction. The songs are shorter and punchier. While this produced one his most enduring songs, "Rocket Man", it doesn't always work. "Rocket Man" is a certified pop classic and has become so identifiable with Mr. John that it has become an appellation of his. "Honky Cat" lives up to its name with its honky tonk keyboards. "Mona Lisa & Mad Hatters" is nice ballad and "Hercules" is a spry rocker that closes out the album. The rest of the album is spotty with songs like "I Think I'm Gonna Kill Myself", "Mellow" and "Susie (Dramas)" being misses. The change to a more commercial direction was a wise though as Honky Chateau became Elton John's first number one album and started an incredible streak of seven consecutive number one albums.
2283 Fast Food Nation by Eric Schlosser is an interesting, revealing and thought provoking look at the fast food industry.  The book opens with Mr. Schlosser detailing the origins of fast food restaurants that began in Southern California.  He spends a good deal of time with the leader in fast food chains, McDonald's.  One would think that Ray Kroc actually founded it, but he didn't.  It was actually started as a lone restaurant in San Bernadino, CA by two brothers named McDonald.  Mr. Kroc was a salesman who took the idea of the chain and franchised it throughout the nation.  But the book isn't just about the restaurants themselves, but the industries that supply them with their meat, potatoes and the like.  Mr. Schlosser focuses in on the meatpacking industry and he artfully skewers the almost medieval work environments that the industry leaders allow to exist.  You read about the startling callousness that the industries have towards their employees.  Mr. Schlosser also comments on the influence that the fast food industry has over our culture as a whole.  He has a mixed view of what the fast food industry is.  He respects and admires what the founders of the various chains and other industries did in their starting up of their companies.  They were inventive, industrious and determined to succeed.  But somewhere along the line, greed and the bottom line crept in.  After reading Fast Food Nation, you may think twice about the next time you step into a McDonald's or buy a piece of meat from the supermarket.
2284 Eric Clapton periodically releases live albums and they show the reason why there are few guitarists that walk with him.  Sometimes on his studio albums, one loses sight of his extraordinary skills, but he continues to amaze in concert. The passages he reels off in songs like "After Midnight", "Cocaine", "Double Trouble", "Setting Me Up", "Blues Power" and "Rambling On My Mind" are thick, meaty and full of passion and power.  Mr. Clapton scored a minor hit with the rollicking live version of Tulsa Time and the album peaked at number two for six weeks.
2285 "So Wrong" was Doobie Brothers' Patrick Simmons lone top 40 hit, peaking out at number 30 in 1983.  It combines the more rocking era of the Doobies with a modern sound that clearly is meant for radio airplay.  It is a solid tune, but lasts the catchiness of his work with the Doobies.
2286 Paul McCartney was not comfortable at first as a solo artist. His favorite part of being a Beatle were the early days, when the band would tour all over, playing tons of gigs. He missed the energy of a live show. He wanted to put together a band and tour pubs around England. He teamed up with Denny Laine and his wife and formed Wings as he thought it would be quite presumptuous of himself to go it alone. Their first effort was the quickly recorded Wild Life album. The album was immediately denounced by critics as a bunch of crap, clearly beneath a man of his immense talent. While songs like "Mumbo", "Bip Bop", their corresponding instrumentals, "Love Is Strange" and "I Am Your Singer" are basic trifle, the album is not without merit. The title track contains one of his finest vocals, in the mold of his "Oh! Darling" effort. "Some People Never Know" is a heartfelt song and "Dear Friend" is a beautiful ballad. The album contains four bonus tracks including "Mary Had A Little Lamb" which is the nursery rhyme and a response to firestorm created by his highly controversial "Give Ireland Back To The Irish". Wild Life won't go down as one of the best albums of all-time, but it is worth a second listen.
2287 Pebbles' self-titled debut which came out in late 1987 contains two of the catchiest singles from 87-88, "Girlfriend" & "Mercedes Boy".  They nicely capture the times and still hold up today.  The rest of the songs on the album have a similar sound, but don't match the other two in terms of listenability.
2288 Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn & Jones may well be the most complete album in the Monkees catalog.  Fresh off the success of Headquarters in which they played all the instruments, they recorded this album in various studios around the country while they were on tour.  While they retained the musical control they had on the previous album, they did not record this album as a complete band.  They brought in studio musicians to play on the tracks, but the vision was that of the Monkees.  Mike Nesmith really came into his own on the album as he sang or wrote the strongest cuts.  The album opens with one of the most political songs the band recorded, the superb "Salesman". "She Hangs Out" was a re-recorded version of an earlier release, "The Door Into Summer" has very poignant lyrics and nice vocal interplay between Mike & Mickey and Nesmith's "Love Is Only Sleeping" has a stinging guitar riff.  The band was early champion of a virtual unknown songwriter named Harry Nilsson and Davy actually does a great job on his "Cuddly Toy".  "What Am I Doing Hangin' Around?" was the best country-rock song Mike had done to date and foreshadowed future, more-heralded work by Gram Parsons & the Byrds.  "Pleasant Valley Sunday" is a brilliant single and contains a feedback drenched ending while Mickey plays probably the first synthesizer used on a rock record in the psychedelic "Daily Nightly" and also on the groupie tale "Star Collector".
2289 Strange Brew follows the adventures of Bob & Doug McKenzie played by Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas respectively.  The pair was created for the brilliant SCTV television show and the duo seamless took them to the big screen.  The movie's plot revolves around an evil brewmeister (played deliciously by Max Von Sydow) who is concocting a potion that will allow him to control the minds of the people who drink it.  The brothers unwittingly stumble onto the plan and with the help of the daughter of the late brewery owner and former hockey player, they foil the plans.  Through it all Mr. Moranis and Mr. Thomas are absolutely hysterical.  The film is actually the forerunner of such films like Wayne's World, The Coneheads and other Saturday Night Live films that took character sketches from the small screen to the movie screen.  The big difference is that Strange Brew is well made, well written and still almost twenty years later, down right hilarious.
2290 "Darlington County" is the third track on Born In The U.S.A. and is straight forward, good-time rocker that has a country, rockabilly vibe.  The song is about two buddies who are heading south for some work and fun with the girls. The guys are big talkers and will say just about anything to get in good with the girls.  The song is the most light-hearted on the album.
2291 Mental Jewelry is the debut album from the York, PA quartet, Live.  Lead singer and songwriter, Ed Kowalcyzk always wears his heart on his sleeve and the album is full of calls for social awareness and change. Songs like "Operation Spirit", "Brothers Unaware", "10,000 Years (Peace Is Now)" and "Mirror Song" all show the band's socio-political side.  "The Beauty Of Gray" is an absolutely great song and quite possibly is the best the band has ever done.
2292 "Two Faces" is a look at a man who hasn't been good to his woman and now she has another man in her life.  Either the singer hasn't been faithful himself or just has been mean to his woman, she has been in the arms of another man.  Now that guy is threatening to take her away because he said their lives are just a lie. Whether it is out of fear of loss or true love, the singer is standing up and fighting for his relationship.
2293 Season's Greetings:Holiday Cards by Celebrated Artists is a fine little art book featuring reproductions of personal cards sent by artists to the Museum of Modern Art's director of exhibitions and publications, Monroe Wheeler.  The are some essays and observations throughout the book, but the main focus is the artwork and sentiments from the cards.  The artwork is what you'd expect from artists whose work fit MoMa's aesthetic, with a lot of abstract and bold art. The artwork is one of a kind so that is interesting, but what is disappointing is that outside of a few of the cards, almost none of them evoke a sense of the holidays.  I know that's not the point, it is to share these personal cards by influential and major artists that were not readily available, but the book is called Season's Greetings.  You like to see a modern interpretation of a classic Christmas theme, but they are nowhere to be found.  On face value, the book is worth purchasing if your a fan of modern art from the late 30's to the early 60's but don't expect a holiday book in the strict sense.  There is one cool feature with an evelope attached to the inside cover with a little story from 1937 about winter on a farm in New Jersey.  It is not an art piece but a miniature card from 1937 with a little story by Glenway Wescott called New Jersey Farm Christmas Images.  It is a great story that captures the spirit and mindset of the artistic community.
2294 Living In The Material World is a solid follow up to George Harrison's All Things Must Pass. Mr. Harrison was easily the most spiritual Beatle and he's never been afraid of preaching his beliefs. Songs like "The Light That Has Lighted The World", "The Lord Loves The One (Who Loves The Lord)", "Who Can See It" and the number one hit "Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth)" all expound on Mr. Harrison's spiritual beliefs. Despite all the love, Mr. Harrison can wield a sharp pen and that always when he's been most interesting. On songs like "Sue Me, Sue You Blues", the title track and "Try Some, Buy Some" he looks at the Beatles' on going lawsuits, the commercialism of the day and other things with a harder edge that he peace and love songs. The album was a big hit, going all the way to number one, the last time he would reach the summit on the album charts.  The remastered version adds a great depth of sound to the original cd edition.
2295 The iLuv SmashBox portable speaker case is an insanely great value.  For less than $10. you get a portable mp3 speaker system that produces a better than average sound and also helps protect your player as well.  The case has a zipper opening which opens up to a netted slot where you can slide your player in.  It is not a tight fit, but once you plug the aux cord into the headphone jack, the player doesn't rattle around.
2296 The word film classic gets thrown around quite a bit, but very few films actually deserve that appellation.  It's A Wonderful Life definitely deserves to labeled as such.  It is probably the most beloved film ever made.  Interestingly, the film was a major flop when it was released in 1946.  It sat around in the vaults as a forgotten movie until it's copyright expired.  The film became public domain and in the time of television, that meant stations could air it without paying for the rights to do so.  Even though it is not a Christmas film, the fact that the movie ending takes place on Christmas, stations aired the film incessantly around the holidays.  The movie became traditional watching for families and has since become so associated with Christmas that one could mark the season with the movie's airing.  The film itself is a morality tale and one of the darkest and disturbing film performances of Jimmy Stewart's career.  We follow the downward spiral of Mr. Stewart's George Bailey.  He has high ideals and wants to travel the world, but ends up doing the right thing by taking over his father's savings and loan business in Bedford Falls.  He world eventually crashes down around him when his Uncle Billy loses an important bank deposit.  George wishes he was never born and an angel Clarence shows him what life would have been like without him.  The moral of the story is that we touch so many people in so many different ways and every person's life is important.  It's A Wonderful Life has risen above being just a mere movie, it has become a true piece of Americana and a holiday tradition.
2297 Doobie's Choice is a great idea that I wish more band's would follow.  Instead of the standard hits compilation, the band selects their favorite songs and twenty of them appear on the disk.  Almost all the songs were never released as singles and the few that were like "Another Park, Another Saturday" and "Little Darling" barely squeaked into the Top 40 and are hardly hits.  Most the songs come from the early days of the band and not the late 70's configuration that has a strong Michael McDonald influence.  The band also takes some songs that are from recent reunions like the album's opener, "Divided Highway" from their Brotherhood album.  Some strong tracks include "Sweet Maxine", "Chinatown", "South City Midnight Lady" and "Toulouse Street".  The band does get a bit obscure with some tracks like "Cotton Mouth", "Nothin' But A Heartache" and "don't Stop Watchin' The Wheels", but the overall approach is superb.
2298 Guilty Pleasures is the belated sequel to Barbara Streisand's 1980 megahit Guilty.  Again teaming with Barry Gibb, the duo have come up with the best work that either has done in years.  Following the blueprint of the first collaboration, Mr. Gibb adds his stylish production to Ms. Streisand's assured vocals.  The album sounds like it could have been recorded back in the 80's and that is not a bad thing.  Sticking to the musical stylings that he knows best, Mr. Gibb lays down tracks with the disco, Latin and soft-rock sounds that made him a star.  But rather than sounding dated and old, the songs have a fresh vibrancy to them that Ms. Streisand expertly wraps her vocals around.  Ms. Streisand's greatest gift as a singer is her ability to interpret the songwriter's vision.  She does that so well on the smooth Latin beat of "Hideaway" and on the discofied "Night Of My Life".  Other strong tracks include "Come Tomorrow" and "Stranger In A Strange Land".  Guilty Pleasures is an apt title as the album is full of them.
2299 Penguin is a comedown for the band after their two previous efforts, the superb Bare Trees & Mystery To Me.  It's not an awful album, just merely average.  Christine McVie does some her best work to date, including the bouncy "Remember Me" and the reggae tinged "Did You Ever Love Me".  Bob Welch is his usual top notch self on songs like the superb "Revelation", "Bright Fire" and "Night Watch".  Guitarist Bob Weston supplies the okay "Caught In The Rain".  New member Dave Walker is dead weight on the album with his croaking version of "(I'm A) Road Runner" and the terrible "The Derelict".
2300 Empire Records is a fun, but slight movie about the young employees at an independent record store in an undetermined Delaware city.  The film is full of clich&eacute;s about corporate greed and youthful idealism, but it is saved by a truly likable cast that adds live to an otherwise tired story.  Renee Zelleweger has her first major film role as the trampy Gina, Liv Tyler plays the good girl with a secret speed addiction, Robin Tunney is the death obsessed riot girl and Rory Cochrane is the Zen like philosopher who squanders the stores receipts in Atlantic City.  Anthony La Paligia and Debi Mazer provide the wizened "adult" roles while Ethan Embry, Maxwell Caufield and Coyote Shivers provide support.
2301 Back To The Egg was the final album released under the Wings moniker.  After working as a trio on their previous album, London Town, Paul McCartney again fleshed out the line-up by adding a drummer and guitarist.  The album starts off very strong but then fades towards the end.  "Getting Closer" is a strong rocker and maybe the only song in history to use the word salamander, "Spin On It" is excellent as is "Arrow Through Me".  "Old Siam, Sir" is  the hardest rocking and edgiest song in the Wings catalog.  "Rockestra Theme" and "So Glad To See You Here" are all-star efforts and contain the playing of, among others, Pete Townshend, John Bonham, John Paul Jones, Ronnie Lane and Steve Winwood.  After the "Rockestra Theme", the album slides into the type of music that critics have derided Mr. McCartney for.  "To You", "After The Ball/Million Miles" & "Winter Rose/Love Awake" are all drippy adult contemporary songs and show off his worst tendencies.  Back To The Egg only hit number 8 on the album charts and there were no top ten singles which may have lead to the unfortunate disbanding of the group.  It would have been interesting to see where the group may have gone.  It would have been nice if Mr. McCartney had kept Wings alive and possible alternated between solo album and albums with the band.
2302 Kansas was another in a line of 70's rock artists from the Midwest who enjoyed some chart success in the mid-70's to early 80's. But they had more in common with prog rockers like Yes, King Crimson and the others than with the earnest rock of Bob Seger and the like. Point Of No Return is the top album in their catalog and contains one of the staples of FM rock radio, the hauntingly beautiful "Dust In The Wind". But this album is more than a one-hit wonder. The title track opens the album with it's pulsating keyboards and other standout tracks include the Albert Einstein tribute, "Portrait (He Knew)", the Orwellian "Sparks Of The Tempest", another ballad "Nobody's Home", "The Spider" and the album's closer "Hopelessly Human".  The album is remastered with two live tracks that are alright, but don't add much to the original album.
2303 The French Connection is a gritty, tough and unapologetic film that is based on the true story of two New York City narcotics officers who scored the biggest heroin bust in history.  Gene Hackman stars as the rough edged Popeye Doyle.  Popeye is not above doing anything in order to make his bust, whether it be coercion or violent force.  Teamed with his more leveled-headed partner Cloudy, played by Roy Scheider, they follow a hunch of Popeye's to the record bust.  The movie is one of the ultimate cat and mouse thrillers as Popeye and Cloudy stakeout the Frenchmen who are importing the heroin.  The famous car chase scene still holds up even thirty years later as one the greatest ever filmed.  Mr. Hackman is incredible in the role of Popeye and the over the top blind rage and fury he brings to the character is perfect.  Mr. Scheider is also great and his sanguine performance provides a nice contrast to the fiery Mr. Hackman.  William Friedkin's grainy filming style perfectly captures the feel of the movie.  Mr. Hackman won a well-deserved Oscar for Best Actor, Mr. Friedkin took home the Best Director Oscar and the movie won for Best Picture.  After thirty years, The French Connection hasn't lost one bit of its power.
2304 Seven is a tense, taut, psychological thriller that is intensely gripping.  Brad Pitt plays a new New York City detective, David Mills, who partners up with a grizzled veteran ,William Somerset,  played by Morgan Freeman.  Somerset is leaving the force, but Mills persuades him to on for just a little while longer to investigate a bizarre murder case set around the seven deadly sins.  The victims have no clear connection to another and the detectives keep coming up with dead ends in their investigation.  Mills is a hothead, who is impulsive and Somerset is exacting and thorough, a voice of reason. After finally finding the killer's apartment, the killer appears and gets into a chase sequence with Mills through the apartment building and out into a driving rain.  It is a superb cat and mouse chase scene with the killer escaping but not before he smacks Mills around with a tire iron, puts a gun to his head before sparing him and fleeing.  (...)  The final scene played out in a deserted field outside NYC provides a shocking and disturbing finale.  Mr. Pitt is at his best as the Mills, but Mr. Freeman commands the screen with his icy cool performance.  Gwenyth Paltrow has a small, but pivotal role as Mills' wife and Richard Roundtree has a brief appearance as Mills and Somerset's department head. The film has some gory and graphic scenes that might turn some weak stomachs, but it has everything you'd want from a thriller:  mystery, suspense, a great plot, great acting and a great, shocking and surprising ending.
2305 After exploding into the big time with American Fool after several years of obscurity, no one would have blamed John Cougar for making an American Fool, part two. Instead, he moved away from that leather rocker image he created and became more himself. He added his real surname and started writing songs that were socially aware. "Pink Houses" is one of the most earnestness songs of the 80's. With it's look at life in America, Mr. Mellencamp shows that he has a finger on the pulse of the people. "Warmer Place To Sleep" is a strong rocker that addresses his "selling out" and coming back to a style of music that is more his own. "Crumblin' Down" is one of his all-time best songs, with it's pulsating bassline and wall of sound chorus, the song explodes out of your speakers. "Authority Song" has the feeling of a loose remake of Bobby Fuller's "I Fought Law". "Jackie O" has a jazzy vibe to it and "Play Guitar" is a ballsy rocker. "Serious Business" is another hard rocker that sums up his view on the music business, it's all sex and violence and rock and roll. Uh-huh was a quantum leap forward and showed that Mr. Mellencamp had true ability and wasn't just some manufactured hard rocker.  The acoustic version of "Pink Houses" was originally released as b-side to "Authority Song" and it strips the original down to the bone and gets to the real heart of the song.
2306 Graffiti Bridge is the soundtrack to Prince's third film.  Unlike his other two films, this soundtrack features tracks by other artists.  In fact it introduced the New Power Generation band to the world with its diva, Rosie Gaines as well as the teenaged Tevin Campbell.  Prince's songs carry the album with "Thieves In The Temple", "Elephants & Flowers" & "The Question Of U" standing out.  Mr. Campbell's "Round And Round" is a bouncy tune and it's refreshing to hear the supreme Mavis Staples.  Prince's old Minneapolis friends, The Time got a big career boost by having three songs ("Love Machine" being the best) on the album.  After their appearance here, they released their most successful album (Pandemonium) and had their only top ten hit (Jerk Out).  This album unfortunately set the tone for much of Prince's 90's output, a couple of strong songs with a bunch of filler.
2307 The Partner has an interesting plot, but fails to deliver on it.  A lawyer fakes his own death, steals 90 million from his partners and escapes to South America.  Patrick Lanigan is the lawyer and after four years, he is caught and brought back to Biloxi to face charges against him.  Before returning he is almost tortured to death and due to this he is allowed to stay in a hospital instead of jail.  While in the hospital he clues his lawyer and his judge friend in on the details of his escape. Everything falls into place too easily and of course Patrick gets away with everything.  No one would have as much luck as he had or be that smart to get away with it and it makes the story not very believable.  The ending does a fairly interesting twist, but the problem with it is that you see it coming about five chapters before it happens.
2308 "Walk Like A Man" is sung by a groom on his wedding day to his mother.  He is taken back to being five years old tracing her footprints in the sand and trying to walk like a man.  Now that is grown he finally understands that no matter how much you are taught by your parents, you still have so much you have to learn on your own.  As he gets ready to marry he remembers his mother dragging him and his sister to the church to watch weddings and now he's that groom waiting for his bride and the chance to hop into the limousine for own mystery ride.
2309 Jimmy Buffett's songs always have a the feel of mini-stories, so it was only natural that he would take a crack in the literary world.  This debut book is a collection of short stories that was released as a companion to his cd Off To See The Lizard.  The stories are expansions of the songs on the cd. They are delightful to read and are liberally spiked with Mr. Buffett's humor.  You can almost picture sitting at some bar in Key West listening to Mr. Buffett spin these yarns.  Light and breezy and good fun.
2310 Patti LaBelle's "Finally We're Back Together" has a nice groove with some cool sax work.  Ms. LaBelle's vocals are always a pleasure to listen to, but she tries a little too hard on the song.  She stretches out the lyrics with some vocal histrionics that are unnecessary and have that look at me I can sing quality.
2311 After the massive success of The Firm, anticipation was high for John Grisham's follow up, The Pelican Brief.  Unfortunately, The Pelican Brief doesn't come close to matching the high quality of The Firm.  The plot revolves around the assassination of two Supreme Court justices that no one can figure out the motives behind.  A young law student, Darby Shaw, comes up with a theory about it and writes a paper detailing her thoughts.  It turns out to be more accurate than anyone thinks.  Her boyfriend is one of her professors and he is killed in a car bombing.  She fears for her live and ends up with a Washington Post reporter, Gray Grantham.  They set out to prove Darby's theory.  The book is a fast read, but the plot is so far fetched and unbelievable that you find yourself shaking your head at it instead of being taken in by it.  Mr. Grisham was obviously trying to capitalize on The Firm's success, but The Pelican Brief has the feel of being too forced and knocked off without much thought.
2312 Cherelle had five top ten hits on the r&b charts in the 80's including the beautiful "Everything I Miss At Home" which went to number one in 1988.  She was produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis and they linked her up with Alexander O'Neal to duet on each other albums including the awesome "Saturday Night".  Cherrelle did not experience much success on the pop charts, but Robert Palmer did cover her debut single "I Didn't Mean To Turn You On" to great success taking it to number two on the pop charts.
2313 "Out Of Town Lover" is an album track from Ready For The World's self-titled debut album.  The sound owes a heavy debt to Prince's Minneapolis funk and if you didn't know any better you'd think it was a forgotten Price track.  That's not to say the song isn't worth a listen, it just that Prince does this sound better and the band has better tracks themselves.
2314 As you would expect from Le Creuset, this saucier is sturdy, well-crafted and excellent for making sauces.  The pan has some serious heft to it and a nice tight lid that helps your sauces simmer properly.
2315 Times Pieces is a collection of Eric Clapton's greatest hits from his 70's works.  It contains the essential songs from the era including the inimitable "Layla", "Cocaine", "Wonderful Tonight", "Promises", "Lay Down Sally" and "I Shot The Sheriff" as well as lesser known songs like his version of the old spiritual "Swing Low Sweet Chariot".  An indispensable collection for any fan of Slowhand.
2316 Journey was founded by Greg Rollie and Neal Schoen who left Santana.  The band's first few albums were more on the experimental side, with long jams and not alot of structure.  In 1977, they were persuaded to bring Steve Perry into the fold.  This move proved to be a successful one as their first album together, Infinity, was a big hit.  The album is made up of FM radio friendly songs that were perfect for stadium tours.  "Wheel In The Sky" and "Lights" are staples of the classic rock format and although they are a bit overplayed, they are solid songs.  "La Do Da" is a strong rocker and "Patiently" is a good power ballad that would become the band's forte.
2317 Bill Kreutzmann has been part of one of the most famous and well-known rock groups and cultural icons The Grateful Dead for 50 years.  Despite that fact, he is virtually unrecognizable and unknown to anyone other than a Deadhead.  He was the original Dead drummer, but Mickey Hart is the name that probably first comes to mind when you think Dead percussion.  With all that Mr. Kreutzmann seems like an unlikely candidate for a book, but his upcoming book Deal is a pleasant treat.  Playing with the band has its perks and Mr. Kreutzmann takes you on the Dead's long strange trip from the Kesey acid tests, to the Haight Ashbury scene and the summer of love to Monteray to Woodstock to Eyrope to the Great Pyramids of Egypt and beyond.  Mr. Kreutzmann tells his story in a way that even though he is the main voice, it's like his he removed from it all.  There are tons of great antidotes like when he and Jerry Garcia are scuba diving in Hawaii in 1980 and while down about twenty feet under the water a woman approaches Mr. Garcia and motions him for an autograph.  Mr. Kreutzmann knows he was very fortunate to be part of such a phenomenon like the Dead and his laid back, hippie attitude permeates the book and makes it a fun and enjoyable read.  If you're not a fan of the Dead, then this book is probably not for you, but any Deadhead should out Deal on their must read list.
2318 One of the many things that makes The Sopranos the best shows on television is the great use of music to conveys themes of the show.  The music styles run the gamut from opera to hip hop and in some cases act like a Greek chorus.  Despite the inclusion of the Police's mega hit "Every Breath You Take", most of the songs are either by obscure artists or use lesser known songs by big acts.  Examples include The Rolling Stones' "Thru & Thru", Elvis Costello & The attractions' "Hi Fidelity", Otis Redding's "My Lover's Prayer", The Kinks' "Living On A Thin Line & Nils Lofgren's "Black Books".  Dominic Chianese (Uncle Junior) even shows up with a song you get a nice bonus of dialogue from the show.  Peppers & Eggs does what a good soundtrack should do, include good music and conveys a sense of the show's spirit.
2319 Live Rhymin' is a very good live record from Paul Simon.  He perfectly mixes songs from his first two solo album with songs from his Simon & Garfunkel days.  The songs are done in mostly the folk-rock vein, but he does sprinkle in some nice instrumentation on the sweeping "El Condor Pasa (If I Could)" and the touching "Duncan" as well as gospel singers on "Love Me Like A Rock" & "Bridge Over Troubled Water".  The latter song is quite interesting to hear as the original is a showcase for Art Garfunkel, but Mr. Simon's interpretation is strong. Other strong songs include "The Boxer", "America", "Mother & Child Reunion" & "American Tune".
2320 The Logitech 915-000237 Harmony Ultimate Home Touch Screen Remote is an easy to use universal remote that you can sync not just TV's, blu ray/dvd players & home theater systems to to, but also lights, alarms and any other device that utilizes bluetooth or web based remotes.  While the remote itself is easy to use, the set up is a bit long and involved.  It is not as difficult as some reviewers have advised, but it does involve sync devices by entering model number, downloading an app to your phone or tablet and then downloading a program for a lap top.  It is more time consuming and cumbersome than difficult.  But once you are done, the remote works like a charm.  You can set up activities like turning on the tv and a home theater system and all you need to do is hit the activity and the remote will start them up.  It is a bit on the pricey side, but if you are willing to shell out the money, it is a great product.
2321 Ruthie, the precocious little girl, is one of the funniest cartoon characters to be created in some time.  Between her massacring of the English, commanding attitude and hysterics, you will laugh every time you read a strip with her in it.  The other characters, her parents, her older brother Joe and her grandparents are also well drawn and funny.  Rose, the grandmother, is particularly snide and funny.  One Big Happy is the best new cartoon since Bloom County & Calvin & Hobbes debuted in the 80's.
2322 While the Beatles were together, they never released any greatest hits collections.  Shortly after their break in 1973, Apple & Capitol released two, double albums, collecting all their hits and favorite album tracks together.  The first set spanning the 1962-66 era shows off their loveable moptop days when Beatlemania first took over the world.  "Can't Buy Me Love", "Help!", "Yesterday", "Love Me Do", "Paperback Writer", "Day Tripper" & "Ticket To Ride" are just a smattering of what this collection has to offer.  The album also contains some of their work from Rubber Soul & Revolver which shows their musical growth.  The Red Album is a must for any music fan especially those who loved the raw energy of their early days.
2323 Super Hits of the 70's, Volume 23 is an excellent collection made up of some fun songs.  The album opens with two instrumentals, the goofy "Hocus Pocus" by Focus that has some strangle yodeling on it and the super creepy "Tubular Bells" by Mike Oldfield which served as the theme for The Exorcist.  The Kiki Dee Band's "I've Got The Music In Me" shows off Ms. Dee's impressive pipes, Blue Swede do a credible cover of The Association's "Never My Love", Pure Prairie League's "Amie" is one of the best country-rock songs of all-time, The Sweet's "Fox On The Run" is a great glam-rocker, John Travolta scored a top ten hit with his easy moving "Let Her In", Yvonne Elliman's pre-Saturday Night Fever "Love Me" is a nice surprise and Billy Ocean's first hit in America "Love Really Hurts Without You" doesn't really show the catchiness of 80's hits.
2324 This collection of the superb No Reservations contains some of the best episodes the series has ever produced.  The Cleveland episode would certainly vie for the top ranking.  It features Mt. Bourdain verbally sparring with his "nemesis", the author Michael Ruhlman.  Mr. Ruhlman is a Cleveland native and he invites Mr. Bourdain out to Cleveland to show him how great of city it is.  Throughout they go to book store that is housed in an old Hostess factory complete with Twinkie filling still in the pipes and eat with the legendary Harvey Pekar (who provides commentary and scenes are show in cartoon ala his American Splendor series).  Mr. Bourdain goes to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with one of his idols Marky Ramone and then shares a meal with him at Michael Symon's Lola restaurant.  At the end, Mr. Bourdain & Mr. Ruhlman cook up a delicious looking feast at the Ruhlman home. Berlin is another standout episode with Mr. Bourdain showing how the city has come together all these years after the Wall fell.  The Russia episode finds him teaming back up with his old friend Zamir and the New York episode is a crossover with Bizarre Foods as he does some eating of weird animal parts with Andrew Zimmern.
2325 Before the release of their prior album, Kiln House, band leader Peter Green left and Jeremy Spencer took over the reins.  Mr. Spencer then mysterious disappeared from the group (he actually joined a cult).  The band replaced him with a young keyboardist named Christine Perfect and an American, Bob Welch.  These additions pushed the band completely away from their blues roots as Future Games is their first album that featured mainstream, FM radio rock.  Mr. Welch was an excellent songwriter with an ear for a good hook. Christine Perfect would of course have a major impact on the band with not only her strong voice and sharp keyboards, but she and bassist John McVie fell in love and married.  Future Games is full of strong tracks included the superb title track, the sublime "Woman of 1000 Years", "Morning Rain" and "Sands Of Time".
2326 Hot Rocks pulls together the classic Stones songs from the 60's and what more really needs to be said about them. The album is a virtual history lesson of the band. "Satisfaction", "Jumping Jack Flash", "Sympathy For The Devil" and all the others have become more than just songs, they have become part of music lore. Hot Rocks is a must for any fan of the band and a great place to start for those who aren't familiar with their music.
2327 Terri Gibbs scored several hits on the country charts in the early to mid '80's, but her lone hit on the pop charts was her debut single, "Somebody's Knockin'" which peaked at number 13 in early 1981.  The song is about the devil being at her door tempting her with one heavenly night of passion.  She doesn't want to give in, but her temperature is rising.  The song has an appropriately ominous and dark sound with Ms. Gibbs' throaty voice playing up the apprehension nicely.
2328 Following in the footsteps of Venus & Mars, Wings At The Speed Of Sound includes lead vocal efforts from other members of the band. Unlike Venus & Mars, Sound includes lead vocals from every band member. While it was a nice curiosity factor on the previous effort, it doesn't really work on this album. Plus the material Mr. McCartney contributes himself isn't as good as those on Venus & Mars. "Let 'Em In" is a goofy song that his critics just seize on. "Beware My Love" is a pretty strong rocker and "San Ferry Anne" and "Warm & Beautiful" are decent ballads. "Silly Love Songs" was Mr. McCartney's response to those critics who knocked his love songs. Despite its simplicity, it is a great pop song and went to number one. None of these songs are bad songs per se, it's just that he could write them in his sleep. Denny Laine provides one of his best songs, "Time To Hide", but unlike his strong contributions to Venus & Mars, Jimmy McCullough's "Wino Junko" isn't very good. Joe English's "Must Do Something About It" is passable but Linda McCartney's "Cook Of The House" is just short of embarrassing. To call her incomptetant would be a compliment. Wings At The Speed Of Sound sold like gang busters and became one of the biggest selling album of his solo career.  The bonus tracks include the jazz instrumental, "Walking In The Park With Eloise" which was released under the name The Country Hams and included Mr. McCartney's brother Mike and an overlooked chestnut, "Sally G" which is a country flavored track that was the b-side to "Junior's Farm".
2329 Levi Stubbs has one of the most powerful voices in music history and it  carries this superb compilation of their biggest Motown hits.  All the  well known songs like "Reach Out, I'll Be There", "I Can't  Help Myself", "Standing In The Shadows Of Love", "Baby,  I Need Your Loving" & "Bernadette" are here and they  sound just as good hearing them for the 1,000th time as they were the  first.  The album has 25 songs and the pleasure lies in hearing some of the  lesser known songs.  "Loving You Is Sweeter Than Ever" stands up  against any other Tops song and maybe the prettiest they ever done.  "7 Rooms Of Gloom" & "Ask The Lonely" are forgotten  classics and they do a great version of the Left Banke hit "Walk Away  Renee".  Obviously when you whittle a large song catalog down to 25,  there will be some omissions but if you're a Tops or Motown fan, this is  set should be in your collection.
2330 Moonlighting is a smart & sophisticated show that debuted with a short six episode season in 1985.  The show revolves around Maddy Hayes (Cybil Shepherd) a fashion model who is bilked out of her money by a shady accountant.  She is forced to start selling off her assets, one of which is the Blue Moon Detective Agency.  She is going to sell that as well until she is drawn in by the charismatic David Addison (Bruce Willis).  She joins the agency and together they get involved in screwy cases.  The sexual tension between Maddy & David is the crux of the first two seasons.  The will they or won't they vibe permeates the show.  The show itself harkens back to the witty comedies of the 30's & 40's where the banter between David & Maddy is smart and high-brow.  The show had some quirky episodes like a flashback to a 1940's murder show in black & white (and containing an introduction by Orson Welles).  The show was a critical smash, but did not catch on with the general public in large part to numerous production delays that postponed many episodes and stalling any momentum the show gained.
2331 Places In The Heart is director Robert Benton's look back at life in Depression era Texas.  Sally Field stars as Edna Spalding, a recent widow who struggles and fights to keep her family together by raising cotton.  She enlists the help of a drifter named Mose who knows the in and outs of growing cotton.  One hurdle is that Mose is black and the locals make it rough on them.  Danny Glover is superb as Mose as is John Malkovich as a blind boarder, Mr. Will.  Lindsay Crouse and Ed Harris are Edna's sister and brother-in-law and Ms. Crouse is excellent as she struggles with the philandering ways of her husband.  But through it all, Ms. Field carries the film.  She perfectly conveys the determination of a woman facing tremendous odds.  she shows a strong front, but a touching vulnerability when facing set back after set back.  Ms. Field deservedly won her second Best Actress award and yes we really do like her.
2332 John David Souther is most well known for his association with The Eagles.  He appeared on the back cover of the band's Desperado album, has toured and sang backup with them and most notably has co-written many of their most well known songs including the number one hits "Best Of My Love" and "New Kid In Town".  In fact, Mr. Souther's greatest triumphs have come as a songwriter.  But he has released some fine solo albums, with the biggest being You're Only Lonely.  Mr. Souther has a smooth and easy voice that floats effortless through his songs.  The title track is far and away his biggest solo hit, peaking at number seven, and deservedly so.  It is a gorgeous song with an easy rhythm and beautiful harmonies.  Other strong tracks include "The Moon Just Turned Blue", "Til' The Bars Burn Down" and "Trouble In Paradise".
2333 A-1-A is probably Jimmy Buffett's most reflective album.  Songs like "Making Music For Money", "Life Is Just A Tire Swing", "Tryin' To Reason With Hurricane Season", "Tin Cup Chalice", "Stories We Could Tell" and "A Pirate Looks At 40" all find Mr. Buffett contemplating life situations.  "A Pirate Looks At 40" finds a man getting older lamenting about how he just wasn't made for these times.  "Nautical Wheelers" is a tribute to  sailor bar songs sung in 3/4 time.  Not everything on the album is serious.  "Door Number 3" has that classic Jimmy Buffett wit and humor.  A-1-A ranks right up near the top of the Jimmy Buffett catalog, a truly great album.
2334 Bare Trees finds Bob Welch and Christine McVie taking an even greater role in the band.  They contribute their strongest work to date and Danny Kirwan's work is impressive as well.  Ms. McVie's "Homeward Bound" is a superb song that showed her gifts as a songwriter and singer were immense.  Bob Welch's "Sentimental Lady" is his signature and is slightly different than the version he had a hit with in 1977.  This version has a more pronounced backing vocal from Christine McVie, but in any version it is a gorgeous song.  Mr. Kirwan provides the scorching "Danny's Chant" and the somber "Dust".  Bare Trees would prove to be his swan song with the band, but he left on a high note.  Bare Trees is the finest pre Buckingham-Nicks Mac album and ranks among the finest the band has ever done in any form.
2335 Heroes Are Hard To Find was the final album that the band recorded with Bob Welch.  Mr. Welch's tenure with the band helped change their direction from a straight blues combo to a more mainstream musical approach that they explored to a greater extent in their Buckingham-Nicks incarnation.  Although this lineup never achieved the commercial heights of their later years, they produced some great music.  This album is yet another fruitful product with some high quality work.  The title track is a strong song with a great Christine McVie vocal.  Mr. Welch's "Angel" is a searing rocker and probably the hardest thing he ever did with the band.  "Coming Home" is a mostly instrumental song and "Bermuda Triangle" shows off his strange side.  "Come A Bit Closer" is a Christine McVie song that would not have been out of place on Rumours.  Heroes Are Hard To Find was the best selling album of their career up to that point, but again the band faced trouble as Bob Welch and Bob Weston left the band after the album when they appeared to be on the verge of hitting big.  Well, they did hit it big, but in a much different form.
2336 The Rolling Stones tour of America in 1969 has become one of the most infamous and legendary of all time. It of course concluded with the Altamont concert and was documented in the film Gimme Shelter. Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out provides us with a live document of the tour from a Madison Square Garden show. What makes this such a great live record is that is does what so few live albums do, it makes us we feel as if we're actually at the show. From the opening introduction of the "Greatest Band Of All Time" to the closing chords of the militant "Street Fighting Man", we get the vibe of what it must have been like to have been there. While the performances, from a technical point of view, may not be the best of their career, that's beside the point. The Stones have always been more about emotion than anything else and the performances of "Sympathy For The Devil", "Midnight Rambler", "Love In Vain" & "Stray Cat Blues" perfectly capture and convey all their raw emotion and intensity. The Stones have made it a practice to release a live album after all their tours, but none are even close to this one.
2337 "Atlantic City" is a song about loss and redemption.  At the time the song was recorded Atlantic City had just recently legalized gambling which was an attempt to revive the once popular shore resort that had fallen into decay and dereliction.  The makeover into a gleaming, glitzy casino town had not fully taken hold and this song is about the lost souls trying to make the big score and get on the right side of the winning line.  The man and the woman are broken down like the city, but even though they are down on their luck, everything that dies one day will come back.
2338 If you have little ones at home that love Sesame Street, this Cookie Monster dvd is perfect for them and also is entertaining enough to keep the adults engaged.  The best segment is a music video set to the tune of the Fine Young Cannibals' "She Drives Me Crazy" called "C Drives Me Crazy" in which a camel in the desert extoles his love for the third letter of the alphabet.  Of course Cookie Monster doesn't fail to entertain and educate when the main plot of the video finds him trying show self control from gobbling up a plate of cookies he just baked.
2339 The Incredible Bongo Band is probably not a band most people have heard of, but one of their songs, "Apache" is one of the most sampled songs in hip-hop especially by old school acts of the 80's.  Run-DMC, LL Cool J, Nas, The Geto Boys, The Ultramagnetic MC's, Grandmaster Flash, KRS-One, Kool Moe Dee and countless others have used the drum break from the song (The Sugarhill Gang had a minor hit with "Apache Rap").  The group wasn't really a group at all, but a studio concoction of session players who were quickly assembled in 1972 to round out a soundtrack album (the less than memorable The Thing With Two Heads) with two tracks.  Those two tracks, "Bongo Rock" & "Bongolia", led to the full-length album Bongo Rock and the follow-up Return Of The Incredible Bongo Band.  If you are a fan of 70's style funk music, then this is an album for you, but mostly it is only notable for the breaks some of the songs provided.
2340 Bruno Mars channels his inner Police vibe on much of "Locked Out Of Heaven".  The song employs the jittering reggae guitar riffs from the early Police albums and mashes it up with a synth heavy chorus.  Mr. Mars shows his versatility on this track and you'll find yourself having this song jammed into your head in a good way.
2341 1984 was the last full album that was recorded by the original (and best) Van Halen lineup.  The band used synthesizers extensively on the record, but despite their metal god status, they always had a good ear for a catchy tune.  "Jump" eschews the normal Eddie Van Halen guitar solo for a rolling synth break in the middle.  The song is an instant classic and the is the only number one hit of the band's career.  "Panama" is a more traditional VH song with its virtuoso guitar work and David Lee Roth's sexually charged lyrics.  "Top Jimmy" & "Drop Dead Legs" are good rockers while "Hot For Teacher" finds the band in a tongue-in-cheek mood.  "I'll Wait" is another song built around a synth hook.  Unfortunately David Lee Roth split from the band after this album and they took Sammy Hagar on as the lead singer.  The band made some decent records and became bigger than ever with Mr. Hagar, but the band sorely missed the nothing but a good time attitude of Mr. Roth and were never quite as enjoyable.
2342 After a couple of years of more subtle work, Elvis Costello reteamed with the Attractions for a fierce, angry release, Blood & Chocolate.  With producer extrodinaire Nick Lowe again manning the board, Mr. Costello spewed forth venomous songs based around his recent divorce.  "I Hope You're Happy Now" sums up the overall tone of the album.  "Tokyo Storm Warning" is a blistering extended jam, while "Honey Are You Straight Or Are You Blind?" is a frenetically paced rocker that harkened back to the band's late 70's sound.  "I Want You" is a song that conveys Mr. Costello's longing for his lost relationship. Despite the overall angry tone, the album closes with "Next Time Round" which shows a more wizened man that will learn from his mistakes.
2343 The R&B album chart is an often overlooked Billboard chart but it is interesting to see the various styles of albums that have made the charts from straight R&B to blues to reggae to jazz to hip-hop (to some surprising entries like Chicago & Wham!).  Great information for any fan of R&B and the Billboard charts.
2344 Characters is one of the lesser known albums in the Stevie Wonder catalog.  It would be a great album by most artist's standards, but it is a notch below what we've come to expect from Mr. Wonder.  There some great songs including "Skeletons", "Dark 'n' Lovely" and "You Will Know".  "Get Up" is a duet with Michael Jackson and the beat of "With Every Beat Of My Heart" is built around a sample of an actual heartbeat.  Stevie Ray Vaughan also guests on the album.  The album didn't sell well and became his first since 1972's Music Of My Mind to not hit the top ten and not contain a top ten single.  That streak included nine top ten albums (two number ones) and fourteen top ten singles (seven number ones).
2345 When Tapestry was released in 1971, Carole King was really only known as songwriter of such 60's hits like "The Loco-Motion". You knew she could write a good song, but what Tapestry revealed was Ms. King's vocal talents.  Her voice is sweet and comfortable like a warm cup of tea and wraps around the song.  The album basically created the 70's phenomena of the singer-songwriter and James Taylor, Cat Stevens, Harry Chapin and the like benefited from its mammoth success.  Ms. King explores real emotions from her own perspective and it gives an intimacy to songs like "It's Too Late", "So Far Away", "Where You Lead" & "Home Again".  "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" & "Natural Woman" take on a new meaning from the originals as we get to hear them from the composer's point of view instead of interpretations by others.  Although she recorded and released it first on this album, she gave "You've Got A Friend" to good friend James Taylor as it obviously had a huge hit potential. People connected with the songs on this album and propelled it to number one. It stayed on the Billboard Top 200 album charts for over 500 weeks which was a record until Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon surpassed it.
2346 The Vineyard Vines Eagles canvas belt is a stylish and comfortable belt that is perfect for any Eagles fan in your life.  It gives you one extra piece of fan gear to wear on game day or any other day of the week.
2347 On Lifes Rich Pageant, R.E.M. started to make the move from their college-rock underground sound to a more commercially accessible one. They did this successfully without compromising any of their integrity. The songs still have that classic R.E.M. jangle-guitar sound, but they started to experiment with other sounds (like the banjo on "I Believe" & accordian on "Swan Song H") as well as becoming more socially and political conscious with their lyrics. Also, most noticable was that Michael Stipe's vocals were higher in the mix instead of being muddy and buried as on previous releases. "Fall On Me" best typifies the changes as the song is about the effects of acid rain, but is the most radio-friendly song they had made up to that point. "Flowers Of Guatemala", "Hyena", "I Believe" & "Swan Song H" are among the best R.E.M. has ever done. The album is like a classic novel with the songs being like its chapters. From the opening chapter of "Begin The Begin" to the epilogue of "Superman", R.E.M. takes us on a wondereous journey that makes you want to keep going back and explore more carefully with each listen. It's hard to belive that this album is turning 25 years old, but it is nice to see that the band is celebrating it's release.  R.E.M. has made better sellers and more critically praised albums, but none are better than this one in my mind.  The bonus disk is a treasure trove of great alternate versions of almost every song the original album as well as the first recording of "Bad Day" which would appear on a greatest hits album.
2348 Foxygen's "Coulda Been My Love" has a breezy late 70's California pop sound.  The layered and echoed vocals glide over a Todd Rundgren inspired groove.  There is a plucky guitar and swirling keyboard that has an ethereal sound and is lush and gorgeous.
2349 Uncle Tupelo went unplugged on their brilliant third album, March 16-20, 1992.  Produced by R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck, the album features six cover songs of mostly traditional folk music.  The band's signature sound is stripped down to the skeletal remains of acoustic guitars with a dash of percussion and strings.  The songs have on overt political nature and the band throws in some religion as well.  The overall starkness of the album recalls Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska.  Unlike that album which found Mr. Springsteen singing from a first person point of view, Uncle Tupelo act as troubadours, telling the tales of the downtrodden.  The album shows the band's versatility and Mr. Buck's subtle production is first-rate.
2350 "Downbound Train" is a dark, brooding song about a love that has died but the singer can't come to grips with the loss.  His girl left him and got out of town on the central line and every time he hears the train's whistle he thinks of their love.  He dreams that he and his girl are still together and he comes rushing to their wedding house, bursts through the door and finds their bed empty.  This finally breaks him and he ends up facing the demons by working on a railroad gang laying down tracks.
2351 Class Clown is the album that turned George Carlin from a B-level sitcom actor into a stand-up legend.  Mr. Carlin had originally done stand-up as part of a comedy duo, but moved into acting.  He landed roles in TV shows like That Girl, but the stand-up arena was his true calling.  Class Clown was cutting edge at the time mixing politics, religion, drugs and all the social issues of the late 60's, early 70's into a big pot.  The album is most famous for the "Seven Words You Can't Say On Television" bit.  That broke alot of ground with its vulgarity, the same type of routine that got Lenny Bruce throw in jail.  "Seven Words" is funny, but equally as funny are bits like "Class Clown", "I Used To Be An Irish Catholic" and "Heavy Mysteries".  Some of the material is dated, but Mr. Carlin is so funny, you laugh even if the events are outdated.
2352 New York Times restaurant critic Sam Sifton's Thanksgiving: How to Cook It Well is more of a how to guide than cookbook.  It covers Thanksgiving from A to Z from a guide on how to buy the bird to what to do with the leftovers.  No crazy reinventing of the holiday here, this book sticks to the classics with some interesting traditional recipes for things like Indian pudding.
2353 Ina Yalof's Food and the City is a first person account of the lives of New York City chefs, line cooks, restaurant workers, purveyors and people in the food business.  Each chapter is broken down in categories with several people being profiled.  Ms. Yalof sets the scene in a paragraph or two and then the story is told by the person themselves.  It is a great way to get inside what they do and how they contribute to their restaurant, bakery, store, etc. and how they fit into the New York food scene.  You might think since it all about NYC, you have to be from the area to read this but most every one profiled is not from the city and many come from all around the world.  It shows the great melting pot that helps make up the food industry in a particular city.  Ms Yanof helps get their story across and how their culture influences what natives of the city they work in enjoy to eat.
2354 Originally only released in the USSR, this much bootlegged album was finally in the US after much clamor for it.  Just like John Lennon did on his Rock & Roll album, Paul McCartney goes back to his rock roots and covers thirteen 50's rock songs.  While some songs are familiar, "Kansas City", "Lawdy Miss Clawdy" and "Ain't That A Shame", he really shines on the lesser known tunes.  "I'm Gonna Be A Wheel Someday", "Twenty Flight Rock", "Crackin' Up" and "I'm In Love Again" find Mr. McCartney just letting loose and enjoying himself.  The album brings across the joy and passion that is sometimes missing from his solo work and harkens back to his Hamburg days with The Beatles.
2355 Alexander O'Neal's 1988 My Gift To You is one of the best Christmas albums from the 80's and an overlooked gem.  The title track has a cool mid-tempo groove with some soulful vocals.  "Our First Christmas" has a dancable beat and "Remember Why (It's Christmas)" slows it down and offers up a loving sentiment.  The covers of "This Christmas" and "The Christmas Song" aren't the best versions ever recorded, but they are solid.
2356 Talk About A Dream is a great collection of interviews with Bruce Springsteen from 1973 all the way up to 2013.  The nice part about the book is that it is not only print interviews but ones Mr. Springsteen did for radio and TV (including the superb Elvis Costello interview from his Spectacle show).  The only quibble is that the 80's are way too under represented.  There is no interviews from the Nebraska or Tunnel Of Love time frames (I'm not sure if he did any for Nebraska, but there is a Rolling Stone interview from late 1987).  The last interview is from November 1984 until 1992, so that leaves a long gap in the Bruce timeline.  Otherwise, it is a small quibble with a fantastic book.
2357 The Dean's List details every year of North Carolina basketball during Dean Smith's reign as coach.  You get a brief commentary from Art Chansky, alot of good pictures and a team roster.  The championship year of 1982 gets special attention, which is justified as it was a special team.  You're not going to find any major revelations amongst these pages, but if you are a fan of Carolina basketball, this is an enjoyable read.
2358 "Mystery" is another smooth and well crafted track from Anita Baker.  Ms. Baker gives a subtle yet powerful vocal performance.  The track oozes adult sophistication.  It makes you want to pop open a good bottle of pinot noir and settle deep into your leather chair.
2359 Dazed & Confused is a classic movie about the day in the life of high schoolers in a small Texas town on last day of school in 1976.  This book that is a companion to the movie is just like the movie itself: funny. Designed as part high school yearbook, part 70's era teen magazine, it is a nostalgia filled, quick and enjoyable read.  There are tons of pictures (the yearbook pictures of the cast are great) and everyone of the major cast member contributes an "article" to the book.  If you are a fan of the movie, then this book is a must for your collection.
2360 The ASUS X205TA-DH01 11.6-inch Laptop is an incredibly light and compact laptop.  The machine is really best served as a device to surf the web, listen to music or watch movies.  It offers a larger screen than your standard tablet, but is still much smaller than an average laptop so your not gaining much by moving from a tablet if you are looking to do any heavy work on it.  I found the speed of the machine to be acceptable.  It's not lightning fast, but it doesn't drag either.  You can't expect to get everything you want in a machine that comes in at $199.  It is a great alternative for those who just can't get into tablets, but also hate lugging their full size laptops around.
2361 Alexander O'Neal is a forgotten 80's R&B star and that is a shame.  Mr. O'Neal was the original lead singer of The Time (known as Flyte Tyme) before being replaced by Morris Day shortly after Prince signed the band.  After his ouster, Mr. O'Neal recorded his eponymous debut which contained the top ten r&b hit "What's Missing" as well as recording a duet with Cherrelle, "Saturday Night", that went to number two on the r&b charts.  His next album Hearsay was his commercial peak and it featured his biggest hit on the pop charts, the popping "Fake" which made it to number one on the r&b charts but criminally stalled at number 25 on the pop charts.  After "All True Man" hit the top ten in 1991, Mr. O'Neal all but faded from the charts and the public eye.  Icon collects all his greatest hits and for anyone who likes Prince, The Time and the Minneapolis sound, then you should give Alexander O'Neal a listen if you haven't already.
2362 After many years of use, the original cuff of my Omron BP machine finally gave out.  I ordered this replacement and machine is now good as new.
2363 When Elton John released his first greatest hits collection in late 1974, he was the biggest rock act in the world.  He was riding a streak of four straight number one albums and Greatest Hits would be his fifth in a row.  In fact the album spent a career high 10 weeks at the top.  The album is populated with some of the biggest hits of the first half of the 70's including the number one hits like his ode to a glam rocker, the rollicking "Bennie & The Jets" and his ode to the 50's, the fun and punchy "Crocodile Rock".  Other classics include the orchestral "Goodbye Yellowbrick Road", the beautiful "Your Song", the funky "Honky Cat", the soaring "Rocket Man" and the heartbreaking "Candle In The Wind".
2364 Peter Gabriel's second self-titled album suffers from poor production by Robert Fripp.  The songs are strong in their lyrical value, but Mr. Fripp's production ruins their potential strength.  Mr. Gabriel voice is an expressive instrument, but Mr. Fripp decided to bury the vocals deep in the mix. The overall production is murky and tough to listen to, but songs like the brilliant "D.I.Y.", "On The Air" and "Mother Of Violence" work through the mess to stand out.
2365 On Peter Gabriel's third consecutive self-titled album, he finally perfected all the many moods he had tried to capture with his previous work in Genesis and on his own.  The album is experimental in sound, full of  challenging and thought provoking lyrics and innovative musicianship.  "Intruder"  is a strong opener to the album and a great song, but the standout is the brilliant "Games Without Frontiers".  Quirky in sound and socially conscious in content, the song is cutting and edge, yet completely accessible and radio friendly.  Other great songs include the aurally mystic tale of the South African civil rights leader "Biko", the high charged "I Don't Remember" and the poignant "Family Snapshot".
2366 Elton John's "Soul Glove" is an album track off his much maligned Ice On Fire album.  The song has a bouncy, upbeat groove that nicely balances 80's pop sheen with 70's soul.  Mr. John's vocals are bright and havve the surety of a man who has been around the block a time or two.  This would have a been a great choice for a single as it has top 40 written all over the sound.
2367 This is a great cookbook for anyone whose kids have Easy Bake ovens.  The book provides nice alternatives to the crappy pre-made mixes normally associated with the oven.  They aren't necessarily health oriented such as many contain nuts, but they allow your kids to make freshily made treats as opposed to using processed products.
2368 John Hiatt's last album was an acoustic affair, but his latest effort, The Tiki Bar Is Open is a return to his rocking roots.  Mr. Hiatt has always reminded me of an American Nick Lowe as he has a wry sense of humor and a sharp detail in his lyrics.  Tiki Bar is full of mellifluous lyrical passages in the classic Hiatt tradition.  Standout songs include the title track, "All The Lilies In Ohio", "My Old Friend", "Farther Stars" and "I'll Never Get Over You".  The Tiki Bar Is Open is smart music from a time tested veteran.
2369 Frommer's Guide to New York City is a nicely formatted, easy to follow guide that has a lot of information that can help out both novice and experienced city goers alike.
2370 The Book of Awesome is a fun book that is a light, entertaining read.  Each "chapter" is something that author Neil Pasricha deems to be awesome.  Some entries are a page and half long, some just a sentence or two.  A few of the entries are little things you may overlook that are awesome like popping bubble wrap, fixing electronics by smacking them, the parking lot pull through or finding out something you were going to buy anyone is on sale. Others are obvious like an old favorite t-shirt being comfortable or the smell of fresh cut grass.  While some don't seem awesome at all like intergenerational dancing or scraping all the lint off an overflowing lint trap.
2371 The Altec Lansing Octiv Mini Speaker is a sharp looking speaker whose small convenient size can basically fit on a night stand, kitchen counter top or any other place you may need ity to go.  While it's not going to blow you away with it's sound, it is more than enough for listening to while you get dressed in the morning or are having your morning coffee.  All in all, if you need a small speaker system for your iPod, iPhone or iTouch, you can't go wrong with this one.
2372 This Gingerbread men & women iPhone 4S case is super cute and adds a nice festive touch to your phone for the Holiday season.
2373 Pat Riley is the legendary NBA coach who lead the Los angeles Lakers to four NBA titles in the 80's.  In 1984-85, the Lakers won their third title of the decade (second under Riley) over their hated rivals the Boston Celtics.  There were high expectations for the 85-86 season, but they were knocked out of the playoffs by the underdog Houston Rockets and failed to defend their title.  The book takes us through the 86-87 season in which Mr. Riley strives to get his team back on top.  We get to see how an NBA season underfolds from the point of view of arguably the best coach in history.  He gives an insider's  thoughts on all-time greats like Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and James Worthy.  Mr. Riley has a wry sense of humor and his take on things makes this book a highly entertaining and insightful read.
2374 This Anthology of Marvin Gaye is a great retrospective of a brilliant career.  The two disks are broken up in a way we hear the two distinct eras of his career.  Disk one contains all his work from the 1960's including the amazing "I Heard It Through The Grapevine" (his first number one hit) and other hits including "Stubborn Kind Of Fellow", "Pride & Joy", "Hitch Hike" and "Can I Get A Witness", his duets with Kim Weston and the late Tammi Terrill including "It Takes Two", "Your Precious Love" and "If I Could Build My Whole World Around You" and some lesser known gems like "Little Darlin'".  During his time at Motown in the 60's, he was a typical Motown artist, recording the songs that were given to him and had no real creative control.  In the 1970's he rebelled against this system and took control over his music with tremendous results.  Disk two covers the 70's songs including the number songs "Let's Get It On" and "Got To Give It Up (Part 1)" and other classics like "What's Going On", "Inner City Blues", "Trouble Man" & "I Want You".
2375 Released as the more personal, less commercial of his two simultaneous 1992 releases, Lucky Town is the true follow-up to Tunnel Of Love.  While Tunnel explored the fragility of marriage and relationships, Lucky Town speaks of the joys of marriage, family life and growing older.  "Better Days" speaks of his new found happiness in his married life to Patti Scialfa. "Lucky Town" is a strong and searing rocker.  Bruce was never comfortable with his rock superstar status, but "Local Hero" finds him coming to grips with that fact that he is a hero to alot of people and he is finding more and more comfort in that.  "If I Should Fall Behind" speaks of devotion to your mate while in "Leap Of Faith" & "Big Muddy", Bruce sings of the faith you have put in someone to find true love.  "Book Of Dreams" is about his wedding day and "Souls Of The Departed" is about the Gulf War and the pain parents feel about the loss of a child.  "My Beautiful Reward" is about the rewards one gets from the happiness of family life.  "Living Proof" is about the birth of his son and ranks right up their with the best songs he has ever done.  On his earlier albums, Bruce was restless and roaming, looking for answers to questions, on Lucky Town he has settled down and found out some the answers.
2376 This Amazon exclusive is an absolute must own for Elvis Costello fanatic.  Collecting together all eleven of his studio albums from the first amazing ten years of his career and including a new compilation, Rock & Roll, in which Mr. Costello himself selected the tracks, this box set lavishly recreates the original album artwork in digipak form.  The albums speak for themselves and this new format will make any diehard happy.
2377 1981's Working Class Dog made Rick Springfield an overnight sensation even though he had been making music for over a decade.  Spurred on by the success he had on General Hospital, the album rose to the top ten.  Mr. Springfield is often dismissed as a lightweight popster, but he crafted some great pop-rock tunes.  The number one hit, "Jesse's Girl" is a brilliant piece of power pop that still stands up almost a quarter of a century after its release. Mr. Springfield's version of Sammy Hagar's "I've Done Everything For You" completely surpasses the clunky original and became the album's second top ten hit.  Other strong songs include "Love Is Alright Tonite", "Carry Me Away" and "Everybody's Girl".
2378 Stevie Wonder spent almost three years working on this album and the time was well spent.  The music is probably the most personal and outspoken of his career.  He sings about his childhood in songs like "I Wish"  & "Easy Goin' Evening", his heroes in "Sir Duke",  the birth of his daughter in "Isn't She Lovely" and while  "Contusion" is an instrumental the title is a reference to the  life-threatening auto accident he was involved in.  Mr. Wonder has always  been a strong voice for the civil rights movement and the struggles for his  race's equality and he expresses his feelings on those matters in  "Village Ghetto Land", "Pastime Paradise" &  "Joy Inside My Tears".  He also gives us a history lesson in  "Black Man".  "Love's In Need Of Love Today" and  "Have A Talk With God" are pleas for togetherness and  understanding.  Mr. Wonder could always write great love songs and they are  here as well in the forms of "Ebony Eyes", "As",  "Knocks Me Off My Feet" and others.  As I've just mentioned, the  album broaches many diverse subjects, but it all comes together in the end.  Usually on double albums, there is filler, but not here.  Every song serves  a purpose and help create a cohesive musical statement.  Stevie Wonder has  been called a musical genius and this album is further proof that the title  is an appropriate one.
2379 "My Father's House" is the most personal song from Nebraska.  It is about his tormented relationship with his father and how at the time he had still many unresolved issues.  He conveys his struggles in dreams and running through fields to end up in his father's arms.  But in the end, his father no longer is at the house and the problems that were solved in dreams can't be answered in the real world.
2380 Let It Bleed is the bluesiest of all the Stones' records and this probably has to do with the addition of former Bluesbreakers guitarist Mick Taylor to the band.  He adds some fine slide and blues guitar work to the band.  This album sounds like it could have been recorded in the Mississippi  Delta.  In fact "Love In Vain" is an old blues song that the band  sings in a dirge-like fashion.  "Midnight Rambler" sounds like  something that Muddy Waters could have written.  "Let It Bleed"  contains just a simple guitar and drum backing, but is a great song.  "You Got The Silver" has Keith singing lead and it is some of his  best vocal work ever.  "Country Honk" is a country reworking of  their number one hit rocker "Honky Tonk Woman".  There are some  hard rockers on the album including the opening track "Gimme  Shelter" and the scorching "Live with Me".  "Monkey  Man" is one the most underappreciated songs in the Stones catalog.  Martin Scorcese used it brilliantly in the film "Goodfellas" and  it contains some classic screeching by Jagger.  Of course the most played  track on the album is the last one, "You Can't Always Get What You  Want".  It's the Stones slap of reality to the hippie's love &  peace movement and a foreshadowing of the violence that would pierce the  country, including their own Altamont show.
2381 Former Paris Review editor Ben Ryder Howe's first book is a touching and funny memoir about how he and his Korean-American wife Gab buys a Brooklyn deli for her immigrant parents Kay & Edward (mostly Kay as Edward is barely present in the story or deli).  The story is not just about the deli itself but the culture clash between the Massachusetts WASP upbringing of Mr. Howe and his Korean in-laws.  Mr. Howe also spends a good amount of the book dissecting what made his former boss, the late George Plimpton, tick.  The book is scattershot bouncing from his forced living quarters in his in-laws basement on Staten Island, working at the deli and working at the Paris Review.  Taken individually each of these scenarios have charms including the crazy cast of characters at the deli like long-time employee Dwayne, but they seem very jumbled bouncing around from one part of his life to another.  This is supposed to show how crazy and hectic his life was at the time, but it makes for a disjointed read.  Mr. Howe has a wry sense of humor and is self-deprecating almost to a fault (the way he describes his ineptitude at handling the most mundane functions of deli work like handling customer's money and working the lottery machine you wonder how he was allowed to use the deli slicer for fear of him lopping off a hand).  Despite the flaws in the book, it was an entertaining read and worth investing some time into Mr. Howe's crazy post 9/11 New York deli/publishing/Korean in-law world.
2382 Blood, Sweat & Tears were formed by keyboardist Al Kooper as an attempt to marry jazz, soul, rock & pop together.  After one mildly successful album, Child Is The Father To Man, Al Kooper split from the group over creative differences.  Randy Brecker also split.  The band found a new lead singer in the David Clayton-Thomas, whose deep voice was more suited the soulful element of the band.  This eponymous release was a monster success upon its release in 1969 hitting the top of the album charts for seven weeks, spawning three number two hits ("Spinning Wheel", "And When I Die" & "You've Made Me So Very Happy") and won the Grammy for album of the year.  The album is a solid effort with some dead spots along the way.  The album doesn't start off on the right foot with the bombastic "Variations On A Theme", but it settles in on the cover of Traffic's "Smiling Phases".  They do a credible version of Billie Holliday's "God Bless The Children" & "Sometimes In Winter" has a nice jazzy feel.  "You Made Made Me So Very Happy" is a cover a Motown song original done by Brenda Holloway and is just okay, but "Spinning Wheel" is a fun song and shows a lightheartedness to the band. The album's three closing songs are forgettable at best.  Laura Nyro's "And When I Die" is the highlight of the album and a true achievement.  The band plays in a pseudo-ragtime style and they practically take you to the shores of the Old Swannee River.  BS&T is a solid effort, the band aims high, but unfortunately they often miss the mark.
2383 "When I Was Your Man" is the second single off of Bruno Mars' Unorthodox Jukebox album.  The song is a straight ballad with only piano accompaniment.  While Mr. Mars gives an impressive vocal performance, the song is not nearly as memorable as the album's first single "Locked Out Of Heaven".  The song probably should get a higher rating, but it doesn't catch my ear like "heaven" does.
2384 Waterfront were a Welsh band that released this sole album in 1989.  The band were a derivative of Wham and Clime Fisher.  Their lone hit single in the US was "Cry" which peaked at number 10.  It is a pleasant enough song, but hearing it you very well might think it was George Michael singing.  Another song "Nature Of Love" sounds like it stole the rhythm of Johnny Hates Jazz "Shattered Dreams".  The band slipped into obscurity soon after this release and were never really missed.
2385 After recording an album with Crazy Horse devotees, Pearl Jam, Neil Young brings back the real deal on Broken Arrow.  The album isn't made up so much of songs as loose jams.  This isn't a bad thing as that's what Crazy Horse does best, jam.  There are a couple of instrumentals, notably "Loose Change", that show off the brilliant musicianship of the group.  Amid all the guitars, is one of Mr. Young's best acoustic numbers of the 90's, "Music Arcade".  One complaint of Broken Arrow is that the vocals are low down in the mix and makes for a difficult listen in spots.
2386 If you are only familiar with Mike Nesmith's work with The Monkees, then you should check this album.  It is basically his first solo album, Magnetic South, fleshed out with a five other songs that were on his second, Loose Salute, and third, Nevada Fighter, solo albums.  The songs are in the country-rock vein, but they retain a bit of the pop sounds from his days with The Monkees.  This is a great introduction to his solo work.
2387 Last Mango In Paris is a classic Jimmy Buffett album.  After the fairly putrid Riddles In The Sand, he comes back strong with the perfect mix of satire and Caribbean rhythms.  He is at his storytelling best in songs like "Frank & Lola", "Desperation Samba", the hilariously heartbreaking "If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me", the superb title track and the adventurous "Gypsies In The Palace" (which has Harrison Ford on the bullwhip).  "Jolly Mon Sing" has taken a life of it's own becoming the basis for children's book he wrote with his daughter.  It may well be the pinnacle of his calypso songs.  Last Mango In Paris is often forgotten, but essential Jimmy Buffett album.
2388 It's hard to believe almost twenty years have passed between Gaucho and this release.  The girl in "Hey Nineteen" could have a nineteen year old herself at this point.  Two Against Nature finds Donald Fagan & Walter Becker back on the music scene and in top form.  The album combines the usual Steely Dan traits of slickly produced songs with jazzy elements combined with wry and cynical lyrics.  The first single from the album is the bouncy "Cousin Dupree" which is by far the catchiest song ever written about incest.  The song belies the darker mood that permeates the album.  "What A Shame About Me" talks of personal failure and "Almost Gothic" has a feel of what could have been.  "Jack Of Speed" and "West Of Hollywood" both have smoky sounds and film noirish themes.  They are the two best songs on the album and they show that Steely Dan are amongst the finest crafters of songs in music.  Twenty years hasn't dampened or diluted their abilities.  Steely Dan makes timeless music and this album fits right in along side their other classics like Aja, Gaucho & Katy Lied.
2389 Negotiations & Love Songs is a greatest hits collection from Paul Simon.  The album includes all of his best songs including "Kodachrome", "You Can Call Me Al", "Still Crazy After All These Years" and "Late In The Evening".  The album perfectly captures all his musical styling from folk to jazz to reggae to African and is a great retrospective of one of music's giants.
2390 On Mr. Happy Go Lucky, John Mellencamp teams up with producer Junior Vasquez for the most interesting sounding album of his career.  By employing Mr. Vasquez, the songs have a hip-hop flavor and a dance floor beat.  The album has a sonic resonance that adds a fuller sound to the songs.  In that respect, the experiment works.  The problem with the album is that the songs aren't up to Mr. Mellencamp's usual standards.  There are a few excellent songs like "Just Another Day", "Jerry", "Jackamo Road" and "The Full Catastrophe".  The rest of the songs are well produced, but they sound like he is more interested in the new sound than the songs themselves.  It would be an interesting experiment to have Mr. Mellencamp release an album of his older songs remixed by Mr. Vasquez.
2391 This is your standard stylus set with nothing to set them apart from any other set other than the tremdous price for a set of ten.  It is an amazing deal to get ten for less than many charge for one.
2392 Aftermath shows a tremendous leap for the band.  Mick Jagger & Keith Richards were starting to bloom as songwriters and the band started to step away from the heavy R&B sounds of their earlier albums.  Brian Jones was the founder and spiritual leader of the band and Aftermath contains some of his finest moments with the band.  "Paint It Black" was the band's third number one single and it sounded like nothing they had done previously with it's sitar work and eerie, apocalyptic sound and doomsday lyrics.  "Stupid Girl" has the lowdown, dirty vibe that would permeate alot of their future records.  "Under My Thumb" is one of the all-time best Stones songs and the samba beats and controlling lyrics.  "Lady Jane" sounds stately with the harpsichord, "High & Dry" moves along smoothly and the "Going Home" closes the album on a strong note.
2393 Mark Bowden's Black Hawk Down is a riveting, gripping and illuminating account of the 1993 actions that occurred in Somalia when two Black Hawk helicopters were taken down and American Servicemen lost their lives.  The story reads almost as a novel and Mr. Bowden's writing style is detailed and incisive.  He doesn't inject his own political views into the story and doesn't provide conjecture on why the events happened and what could have been done to avoid them.  He just tells the servicemen's story and recounts the unbelievable situation that they found themselves in.  The mission seemed routine at the inception, but the men weren't prepared for the amount of artillery that the average Somailian carries on a daily basis.  Mr. Bowden makes you feel as if you are placed right into the firestorm and you get a real sense of the horrifying conditions. Black Hawk Down is a first rate book and worthy of all the accolades that have been bestowed upon it.
2394 Awesome looking case that lets everyone know that your allegiance lies with the Birds.  It easily slips on to your phone.
2395 The Cult are one of the more underappreciated rock bands from the 80's.  They consistently made quality albums that were not groundbreaking but were good music.  They lagged a bit in the 90's, but for their first album of original material in seven years, they have recorded an album that compares with their 80's work.  Ian Astbury has a classic rock voice and he uses it to great effect on strong cuts like "War", "True Believers", "Rise" and "Breathe".  The album has a dark sound to it especially on brooding tracks like "Ashes & Ghosts", "Black California" and the album's best track "American Gothic".  Beyond Good & Evil is a welcomed returned from the rockers.
2396 The Graduate is a touchstone film.  Released in 1967, it defined the 60's youth generation.  As recent college graduate Benjamin Braddock is told at a pool party, the future is plastics.  The movie portrays the coming of age, sexual freedom and wayward view of the young adults of the 60's, the almost plastic existence of their future.  Dustin Hoffman stars as Benjamin and it is his breakout role.  He was thirty years old when he filmed the picture, but he perfectly captures the youthful, nave essence of the part.  Anne Bancroft vamps it up as Mrs. Robinson who seduces Benjamin.  Ms. Bancroft brings a sexy and sultry flair to the film and her role as a sexual predator was stunning at the time.  A third star of the film is the soundtrack by Simon & Garfunkel.  Their music is liberally intertwine throughout the film, the opening sequence set to "The Sounds Of Silence" is dead on and the use "Scarborough Fair/Canticle" adds a longing, somber note to the picture.  Of course the movie produced the number one hit "Mrs. Robinson" which won a Grammy as Record of the Year in 1968.  The film was just the second that Mike Nichols directed.  His first was Whose Afraid of Virginia Woolf, which was departure from his comedic background.  The Graduate is closer to his comedy roots, but he perfectly balances out the humor with dramatic moments.  He won the Oscar for Best Director in 1967 and The Graduate still remains his crowning moment.
2397 Roxy Music's albums in the 70's representing the cutting edge of avant-garde pop music.  For their final release, Avalon in 1982, they shift gears towards the soulful sounds that lead singer Bryan Ferry would explore on his solo albums.  As depicted on the album's cover, the band crafts a lush, airy and ethereal sound.  The songs are awash in sophisticated synthesizers and longing guitar riffs.  Mr. Ferry broodingly sings seductive and smart lyrics.  "More Than This" is one of the most elegant love songs around.  Mr. Ferry sings with longing and heartbreaking weariness and Phil Manzanera's guitar shimmers throughout.  The song is quite simply a masterpiece.  The title track is another elegantly crafted love song that is subtle and beautiful.  "While My Heart Is Still Beating" has a terse, propulsive beat that literally thumps throughout.  The only problem with Avalon is that is woeful short.  The ten tracks clock in at barely over thirty-five minutes and two ("India" and "Tara") are short instrumentals.  That aside, Avalon, set the standard for romantic synth-pop that countless bands in the 80's tried to copy, but could never replicate.
2398 Incesticide was released to capitalize on the mammoth success of Nevermind.  The album collects early singles, b-sides and outtakes.  The album was most people's introduction to the fact that the band had released music prior to Nevermind.  The album's first two songs, "Dive" & "Sliver", made up the band's first single.  They are both short, but extremely powerful.  The album contains some incredible work in addition to "Dive" and "sliver", most notably "Aneurysm".  The song is a furious workout with squealing guitars , feedback, power drumming and amid all the noise, an incredible catchy melody.  Other strong cuts include "Molly's Lips", "Beeswax", "Stain" "Hairspray Queen" and "Been A Son".  There are some forgettable numbers like "Mexican Seafood" and "Aero Zeppelin", but overall, Incesticide is better than your average compilation.
2399 This EP from the Seattle based Fleet Foxes is a rich and textured offering.  The vocal harmonies are first rate and the soft-rock sound showcases the best parts of that often maligned genre.  The five songs are all built around acoustic instrumentation that in some spots morphs into an electric sound.  The band's sound is anything but commercial, but they deserve a chance to be heard.
2400 Living in an area that has suffered long power outages due to weather conditions, it seemed like a good idea to own a generator.  The PowerStroke portable generator nicely fits the bill.  It is easy to move around with the wheels and a handle that you can click down so it's not sticking out. It is not too big as to eat up a lot of space when storing.  Starting it is as simple as starting a lawn mower, you just pull the rip chord and it fires right up.  The generator runs on regular gas.  All in all, the generator provides a quality and dependable power source when there is no electricity around whether due to an outage or you are out and away from a power source like in your yard or a job site.
2401 In this album, Springsteen's characters are no longer looking to escape their problems, they've giving up escape a long time ago.  They are searching for answers to the siutaions they find themselves in.  Optimism  has been replaced by despair and cynism.  "Badlands" is an angry  anthem about never being statisfied with where you are in life.  "Adam  Raised A Cain" is about the struggles between a father and his angry  son and "Factory" is about the drudergy of everyday life.  Songs  like "Something In The Night", "The Promised Land" and  "Racing In The Streets" are about chasing a dream that one will  probably never find.  "Candy's Room", "Streets Of Fire"  & "Prove It All Night" are about putting everything on the  line for someone and having to constantly prove their devotion.  The title  song best sums up the album.  People are looking for answers to the same  questions, willing to pay the cost, but never find them.  No matter how  much time they search into the Darkness On The Edge Of Town, they end up in  the same place.
2402 "Kyrie" was the second single off of Mr. Mister's Welcome To The Real World and second to hit number one.  Written essentially as a prayer, the song is much more uplifting musically than the downbeat "Broken Wings".  It has a faux gospel style set over some synth horns.  Bouncy and catchy, but not as complex as "Brokn Wings".
2403 After the success of Destiny, The Jacksons return with another stellar album, Triumph.  The band took control of their music on Destiny and they show a growth on Triumph as it is a more complex and textured album.  "Can You Feel It" has a soaring and heavenly orchestration and sets the tone for the album.  "Lovely One" has a funkified riff and was the hit single from the album.  "Everybody" is a call to the dance floor.  "Time Waits For No One" is a multi-layered, dense track.  "This Place Hotel" is the stand out track on the album. The song was originally titled "Heartbreak Hotel", but changed to avoid confusion with the Elvis Presley song.  It is a tale of betrayal and heartbreak set against a haunting melody.  The track is supremely produced with intricate layers of sound and an impassioned from Michael.  Triumph did Destiny one better by peaking at number ten to become their first top ten album since 1972's Lookin' Through The Windows.
2404 War is the most overtly political album of U2's career. They touched on political subjects on their first two albums, but on War they take up arms. The album opens with the anthem "Sunday Bloody Sunday" which finds the band outraged at the situation in Northern Ireland. "Seconds" is about the nuclear arms race. "New Year's Day" is an apathetic song about despite all the rhetoric, nothing really changes. It contains a lovely piano and strong Edge solo. "Like A Song" is another anthem-like song, a declaration for solidarity. "Refugee" finds Larry Mullin providing a pounding drum beat to a fierce Bono vocals and Adam Clayton bass gives "Two Hearts Beat As One" it's driving backbone. Despite all the anger, "40" closes the album on an optimistic note. The song is based on Psalm 40 and the band states that there is chance for peace and understanding all though things are bleak. War broke U2 in America as it was their first top twenty album. They shifted away from making another album this political, but War's spirit still continues to permeate their work. The deluxe edition is easily the weakest of the reissues so far.  It is mostly made up of remixes that don't add anything to the songs.
2405 Many Years From now is a superb book by Barry Miles.  Mr. Miles was and is close friend of Mr. McCartney's dating all the way back to the heights of the Beatles reign.  This book gives you the background biographical that most McCartney & Beatles biographies have but what separates this from the others is the oral history from Mr. McCartney himself.  His insights into his relationship with John Lennon, the swinging London scene of the 60's, days on the road with the Beatles and most importantly, the stories behind the songwriting and creating of the Beatles songs are revealing and engrossing.  Of particular interest are the chapters on Sgt. Pepper's, the White Album, the creation of Apple Records, the first few weeks he spent with soon to be wife Linda in New York City and the ultimate demise of the Beatles.  The book is a bit lengthy and some chapters could have been trimmed down (the chapter on the time in India with the Maharishi is one to note), but if you are a fan of Paul McCartney or the Beatles, you will not find a book that matches the insight in this one.
2406 "Delayed Reaction" is a track on Hall & Oates H2O album.  The song slides away from their blue-eyed soul song and is a more straight forward rocker.  It has a new wave feel with a jittery guitar.  The vocals are impeccable as always and the new wave feel is tempered by a slight pop sheen.
2407 The Bling Jewelry Tropical Island charm bracelt is super cool looking with the bright blue band and colorful beads.  The charms themselves are much smaller than they appear in the picture, but represent a nice cross section of island themes.
2408 "In The Mix" is another heavily vocoded vocal track with dance floor beats by Roger.  Whether it's a solo song or with Zapp, you know what you are getting to get from him and this song does not deviate from his formula.
2409 A-ha opens up Rock On's 1985 collection with "Take On Me" that is better known for its groundbreaking video, but is actually a catchy song that hit number one.  Two of the biggest hits from television and the movies were Miami Vice and Beverly Hills Cop.  Two songs appear from the later, Glenn Frey's number two hit "The Heat is On" and Harold Faltermeyer's instrumental number three hit "Axel F".  Keyboard wizard Jan Hammer hit number one with the "Miami Vice Theme" and it is still the last instrumental to reach the top.  The queen of soul, Aretha Franklin hit the top ten with "Who's Zoomin' Who" and New Edition's scored their first top ten hit with the sugary "Cool It Now".  The Minneapolis music scene was hot in 1985 thanks to Prince and Minneapolis natives Ready For The World hit number one with "Oh Sheila" which has obvious Prince influences.  One of the best forgotten songs of the 80's is Sly Fox's "Let's Go All The Way" which has a hypnotic vibe and on point lyrics.
2410 With The Beatles is the second album from the Liverpool Lads.  The album definitely has the feeling of being slapped together to capitalize on the success of the first album.  The album contains one of their all-time best songs, "All My Loving", though. It is a classic pop song and can probably still elicit squeals from teenage girls.  The album has the greatest r&b feel of any their releases with three Motown covers, "Please Mr. Postman", "You Really Got A Hold On Me" & "Money" and "I Wanna Be Your Man" which they gave to the Rolling Stones and they released it as their first single.  Despite the slapdash feel, the album is still classic Beatles British Invasion rock.
2411 Francis Ford Coppola made The Conversation in between the first two Godfather films and although it doesn't get the fanfare of those two films, it is nearly their equal.  The film is an allegory for the Watergate situation that was overtaking the country, with all the taping and eavesdropping of conversations.  Gene Hackman plays Harry Caul who is the best in the business.  One the reasons is his ability to stay detached from the situation.  He had even taped conversations regarding murders, but it never bothered him.  He then for some reason becomes involved in a situation involving a young couple.  We see the normally cool and collected Harry becomes unraveled.  In the end the hunter becomes the hunted and Harry becomes so paranoid that he literally rips up his apartment (even smashing a statue of the Virgin Mother) looking for bugs.  The picture is filmed in a washed out style that adds to its starkness. The Conversation is a film about paranoia and you will be gripped by its power.
2412 Out Of Our Heads contains the strongest original material from the band's first few albums released between 1963-1965. Of course "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" tops the list and with it's fuzz guitar riff, it is one of the most memorable songs in history. "Play With Fire" shows off a more mature edge. The covers they choose are consistently on target including the menacing "The Spider & The Fly", the powerful "That's How Strong My Love Is" and "Mercy, Mercy". Heads marks a major leap by the Jagger-Richards songwriting team and the band was really starting the gel.
2413 Bloom County was a politically charged comic strip that was a Doonesbury for the 80's.  Berke Breathed created one of the most bizzare collection of cartoon characters, mixing animals and people with neither one noticing.  Billy & The Boingers Bootleg in part chronicles the metal band Billy & The Boingers which had Bill The Cat on tongue & Opus on electric tuba.  They were metal gods and their crazy antics were an obvious swipe at all the Parents Against Explicit Lyrics action that was going on at the time.  The events taking place in the meadow also find Opus getting a girlfriend, Lola, and other incidents that mirrored the times. For anyone who remembers the 80's, Bloom County remains a touchstone.  The original release contained a 45 that had two Boingers songs and the back cover is a hilarious spoof of U2's Joshua Tree album cover.
2414 Released simultaneously with the Red Album, The Blue Album spans the band's output from the 1967-70 period.  Despite the fact they only released four albums in that time period, this double album merely touches the tip of the iceberg.  They produced the most influential music in history during that time and songs like "Strawberry Fields Forever", "Penny Lane", "Hey Jude", "Let It Be", "With A Little Help From My Friends" and "Something" aptly show their diversity and brilliance.
2415 The Zak Designs Wild Flora plate is a sturdy, colorful and cool plate that is perfect for casual meals, outdoor eating or for snacks.
2416 The life and career of Eric Clapton has been extensively covered in various other books, but there are a precious few about the definitive power trio he was apart of in the 1960's.  Cream is one of the best rock bands from the 60's and Disraeli Gears is their best album.  John Platt not only gives a crisp and insightful look into the making of the album, but to the origins of the band itself.  Mr. Platt supplies us with liberal doses of the bassist and lead vocalist Jack Bruce's thoughts as well as commentary from drummer Ginger Baker and Mr. Clapton. The book also details their live work which is the band is renowned for.  Mr. Platt has written a superb book that is another great volume in the Classic Rock Series.
2417 SECTION8's Woodstock EarBuds are a really cool looking set of earbuds.  They don't have the best sound I've ever heard, but they are more than adequate.  The best aspect of the buds is how firmly and securely they fit into your ears.  Many buds tend to slip out of your ears and these always stay put.
2418 This is a super cool bottle opener. The design of the opener looks like it would never work, but it takes caps off with ease. The nice wood handle also has a magnet on two sides so you can put on your beer fridge for easy access.  The bottom is dipped in black and gives the opener a super cool and contrasting look.
2419 After the experimental No Code and the middling Yield, Pearl Jam roars back with their best album since 1994's Vitalogy.  Binaural is lean and mean and finds the band ripping through the fourteen songs with focused intensity.  Former Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron joins the band and his steady beats provide a sturdy backbone to the album.  Eddie Vedder sounds great especially on songs like the melancholy "Nothing as It Seems", the manic "Breakerfall" and the powerful "Light Years".  Bassist Jeff Ahmet melds nicely with Mr. Cameron to create a solid rhythm section and provides some of the best lyrics that he has ever written.  Guitarists Stone Gossard and Mike McCready trade licks and some explosive, machine gun riffs.  Binaural isn't up to the level of the band's classic first three albums, but it is still a great rock record.
2420 The Lamb Lies Down On Braodway is an ambitious double album from Genesis that veers towards a concept/rock opera album.  Peter Gabriel was the founder and driving force behind Genesis and this album is his magnum opus.  It was also his last album with the band he formed.  Maybe Mr. Gabriel knew he was leaving the band, but he left nothing on the table.  The album is full of vivid lyrics that broke away from the mystical and bizarre of his previous writings and moved towards the more socially revelant work that would mark his solo career.  The entire band plays well, but this is Mr. Gabriel's baby. Though the album drags in some spots, the band is on the mark for the almost two hours duration of the album..
2421 Bob Dylan followed up his magnificent Blood On The Tracks with another great album in Desire.  While not quite up to the level of its predecessor, Desire contains some sharp writing and some interesting sounds.  The album opens with "The Hurricane" which is the famous song about the plight of boxer Ruben "Hurricane" Carter.  The song's theme takes him back to his early protest days and with its condemning indictments, he shows he can still skewer the establishment with his biting commentary.  In addition to the lyrics the use of Scarlett Rivera's violin provides the songs with an additional edge as Ms. Rivera cuts through the song like a knife.  "Isis" is an interesting and mystical song that sounds different from his usual work.  "Mozambique", "Romance In Durango" and "Black Diamond Bay are all strong tracks as well.  The album closes with an ode to his ex-wife Sara, which could have been spiteful and bitter, but is a loving gesture.  Desire continued his commercial streak by peaking at number one in early 1976.  The streak would come to end with Desire as well as Mr. Dylan has yet to again top the album charts.
2422 On their previous release, OK Computer, Radiohead created a dense sonic landscape.  With Kid A, they have created an even darker, deeper and denser sound that challenges you at every twist and turn.  The album's sound consists of swirling electronic noises layered on top of one another with the band underneath it all.  Thom Yorke's vocals are distorted throughout most of the album and when they aren't, they're buried deep into the mix and it sounds like he's under water.  This may sound like a bad thing, but it makes the album all the more interesting.  The sounds bleed into one another with little distinction.  Songs like "Morning Bell", "Treefingers", "Everything In Its Right Place" and "Motion Picture Soundtrack" require repeated listens to completely listen to all the complexities.  "Optimistic" is the most radio friendly song from the album, but the best is "The National Anthem" with it pulsating and pounding beats, it is a brilliant track.  Kid A is an excellent album and a great listen.
2423 Giant Steps is appropriately titled as it was John Coltrane's first album made up entirely of his own songs.  The music on the album is smooth and Mr. Coltrane's sax playing is soft and inviting.  "Naima" is a gorgeous piece with a sweet, tender melody.  The title track is a pulsating tune.  The deluxe edition fleshes out the original album with alternative takes, but the original tracks are worth purchasing this album alone.
2424 "Used Cars" is like "Mansion On The Hill" where Mr. Springsteen is clearly drawing on personal memories to construct the song narrative.  His family was poor growing up, so his father was constantly buying beat up used cars.  The kids in the song go to the car dealer with their folks and he sees how his dad is manipulated by the salesmen because he's got no leg to stand on.  The best they can hope for in life is a "brand new" used car.  He swears when he wins the lottery, no more used cars for this boy.
2425 The NFL team color reading glasses are in line in terms of quality with those reading glasses you buy at the local drug store.  But, they do give you chance to show off your team pride which is worth a few extra bucks.
2426 Rock A Little is another strong solo effort by Stevie Nicks.  The title is an appropriate one as the songs don't rock out, but are laden with syntheseizers.  While this sounds like it would be a bad thing, the synths add the perfect touch to her mystical lyrics.  songs like "Some Become Strangers", "I Sing For The Things", "Imperial Hotel" and "Rock A Little (Go Ahead Lily)" are solid songs.  "I Can't Wait" has a large and powerful sound to it.  "Talk To Me" is a pulsating track that was the album's biggest hit and is one of Ms. Nicks' best.
2427 Napoleon Dynamite is one weird film.  You will find yourself laughing hysterically at times and completely bored at others.  There is no real plot to the film other than Napoleon's (Jon Heder) efforts to get his friend Pedro (Efren Ramirez) elected class president.  Napoleon lives with grandmother and his effeminate brother Kip (Aaron Ruell).  After grandma is hurt riding in the dunes, Uncle Rico (Jon Gries) comes to watch after the boys even though Kip is 32.  While Napoleon is an outcast with no friends, Uncle Rico is the saddest character in the film.  He is desperately trying to recapture his glory days and even goes so far to buy a time machine that will take him back to 1982.  What saves this film from being a total bore is the immensely likable cast.  Mr. Heder is great in the title and everyone else makes their characters quirky but fun.
2428 Pocketful Of Kryptonite took the Spin Doctors into the top by riding the extremely catchy "Two Princes".  The band is basically a jam band by nature, but they keep things moving along in a crisp manner on the album.  The songs are basically full of hippie-drippy lyrics, but since they are fun and full of hooks you look past that fact.  "Little Miss Can't Be Wrong, "More Than She Knows", "Off My Line" and "How Could You Want Them" are just good time music.  The band falls off on songs like "Shinbone Alley", "What Time Is It?" & "Refrigerator Car" that break away from the light, breezy feel.  The best song on the album is "Jimmy Olsen's Blues" that pulls all the band's best features together with its catchy chorus, big guitar hook and its overall party feel.
2429 David Newman's score to Joss Whedon's Serenity does not capture the mood or feel of the movie as Greg Edmondson's did for the television series Firefly.  The show has a heavy western theme and the TV score reflected that mood, while the movie score briefly touches on it with a guitar here and a banjo there.  Mr. Newman clearly did not inherit his scoring ability from his cousin, the great Randy Newman who is one of the best in the business.  The music isn't terrible, it just doesn't capture the mood and spirit of the film.
2430 Heart Shaped World was the album that made Chris Isaak a star, thanks to a song being included in David Lynch film.  Mr. Isaak had released two critically acclaimed albums that sold poorly.  Upon it's release in 1989, Heart Shaped World seemed destined to the same fate.  But David Lynch used the dark and brooding song "Wicked Game" in his 1990 film Wild At Heart.  The movie was heavily promoted and radio stations started playing the song.  It really broke loose for the photogenic Mr. Isaak when MTV started playing the sexy black & white video for the song in late 1990 and over a year after the album's release, he finally had a much deserved top song and album.  "Wicked Game" is a classic, but the album is full of equally great songs.  The title track has a stinging guitar riff and an eerie reverb-filled vocal, "Blue Spanish Sky" has a slow, languid rhythm punctuated by a Latin jazz horn fill at the end, "In The Heart Of The Jungle" is a lengthy number with screeching feedback and fuzz guitars and a wild vocal, "Diddly Daddy" is a rockabilly rave up and "Wrong To Love You" may be the best song on the album and has a perfect vocal from Mr. Isaak.  Heart Shaped World has so far turned out to be his only top ten album, but its success has helped keep an unique talent from sinking into obscurity and have a moderate degree of success despite making music that is far from the mainstream.
2431 Rock Of The Westies was Elton John's second album released in 1975, about six months after his concept album, Captain Fantastic & The Brown Dirt Cowboy.  The album often suffers as it is directly compared to that ambitious release.  While it is not quite on that level, it is still a first rate effort from Mr. John.  The album has a harder edge than most of his other albums and guitarist Davey Johnston lets loose all over the album.  There's a new band line-up for the album as old friend Caleb Quaye rejoins (with others coming aboard as well) and long time members, Dee Murray and Nigel Olssen depart.  "Dan Dare" packs a punch while the number one hit "Island Girl" adds a little tropical flavor. "Grow Some Funk Of Your Own" is one of Mr. John's angriest songs with a Mexican flair.  "I Feel A Bullet (In The Gun of Robert Ford)" slows the pace down and is a pensive, longing and pretty song.  Rock Of The Westies continued his winning streak by becoming his seventh consecutive number one album and his second straight to debut at number one.  But like all good things, his number one album streak ended here.  In fact, Elton John has yet to return to the top of the album charts since.
2432 "In Harmony" is the title track off of Icelandic singer's Asgeir's English vocals debut.  The album and track were recorded two years ago in his native tongue and re-recorded and released in 2014 with new vocals.  This track is an acoustic based number that sounds like a million other acoustic based numbers.  There is a nice ending flourish with horns that saves it from being a total waste.
2433 Flashpoint is a live album from the Steel Wheels tour.  At the time they had almost thirty years of material behind them, but they still could pull out a couple of chestnuts to play along side their anthems like "Jumping Jack Flash", "Satisfaction", "Brown Sugar" & "Start Me Up".  "Little Red Rooster" is an old blues number that Eric Clapton shows up to play guitar on.  "Factory Girl" is from Beggars Banquet and is a real gem and although it doesn't appear on the album, they played the psychedelic "2000 Light Years From Home".  They run through new songs like "Sad Sad Sad" and "Rock and A Hard Place" without much feeling, appearing to play them merely to promote the Steel Wheels album.  "Sympathy For The Devil" and "Miss You" are play with real fervor though.  Unlike any other Stones live album before, this contains two new studio tracks, "Highwire" and "Sex Drive".  The former is an excellent song while the latter isn't bad, but not really noteworthy.
2434 "Guessing Games" by Hall & Oates is a strong pop number off their H2O album.  Mr. Hall gives a restrained, but powerful vocal and the backing vocals shine and shimmer over a bright melody.
2435 ... Unlike the sci-fi films of the 1950's that revolve around UFO's and alien contact on Earth that usually had the aliens being evil and coming to dominate and destroy the Earth,  Mr. Spielberg depicts them as benign and friendly.  The visual effects were first rate in 1977 and are a far cry from today's studio wizardry, they are not hokey and actually hold up well.  The cast all give fine performances including Mr. Dreyfuss, Teri Garr as his beleaguered wife and Melinda Dillon scored a Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination for her role as a fellow contactee.  Although the film was not nominated for Best Picture, Mr. Spielberg received his first Best Director nomination and the film won one award for Best Cinematography and a Special Achievement Award for Sound Effects.
2436 Joel Whitburn's compilation of all the Billboard Hot 100 charts of the 1960's provides you with every list of the most popular songs of the decade of change. You can mark the success of  the teenyboppers and crooners of the early part of the decade to Beatlemania to the Motown explosion to the psychedelic sounds of the Summer of Love & finally the Woodstock generation taking over the end of the decade.
2437 "Point Blank" opens up the second album on The River and it is another tale of desperation and fear.  The singer dreams of the good times with his girl, but real life is no fairytale.  The girl has grown up too fast and is not waiting on Romeos, but welfare checks.  The early concert version of the song deals more directly with the girl being a drug addict.  While this version is not as overt in its mention of drugs, you get the feeling that when the singer sees her standing in the door and she doesn't acknowledge him that she is waiting there for her dealer. Her next fix is all that is important to her now and she is no longer the girl he once knew but a stranger.
2438 After the success of Bat Out Of Hell, Meatloaf went into a tailspin.  None of the albums that he released in Bat's wake were a success and in fact, most were down right bombs.  Meatloaf fell into an emotional and monetary hole and in 1993 he was pretty much a relic of the 1970's.  The time seemed right for him to rejoin writer Jim Steinman and create a sequel to his most famous effort.  Bat Out Of Hell II: Back Into Hell was released at the height of alternative rock and its bombastic leanings seemed out of place.  But instead of being shunned, the public welcomed Meatloaf back with open arms.  The album was a huge success spurred on by the epic "I'd Do Anything For Love (But I Won't Do That)" that had a weird, medieval video.  The song became Meatloaf's first and only number one hit and the album debuted at the top of the charts, a feat that the original album could not claim.  This time around the album was produced by Mr. Steinman instead of Todd Rundgren, but most of the original players (including E Street Band pianist Roy Bittan) return and Mr. Rundgren sings backup on most of the tracks.  The album isn't quite up to the original, but it has great tracks like the anthem to youth "Everything Louder Than Everything Else" and the sprawling "Objects In The Rearview Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are".
2439 1983's 90125 found lead singer Jon Anderson returning to the band and his replacement, Trevor Horn sliding into the producer's chair.  At the time, Yes was pretty much a forgotten band, regulated to the classic rock radio stations that played their 70's prog-rock hits.  They proved all doubters wrong about their relevance as 90125 was a streamlined effort that produced their one and only number one hit, the classic "Owner Of A Lonely Heart".  Mr. Horn added a radio friendly gloss to the band's sound and new guitarist Trevor Rabin had a more punchy sound that relied more on quick razor sharp bursts than the longer pieces that Steve Howe provided.  "Owner Of Lonely Heart" is a classic 80's hit and one of many great songs from the album including "Leave It", "Hold On", "it Can Happen", "Changes" and the instrumental "Cinema".  Yes pulled off a great upset in their comeback and it was a welcomed one.
2440 "He Doesn't Know I'm Alive" was one of the three non-singles off of Janet Jackson's Control album.  It could has easily been a big hit.  It has a bright and fun beat with a sprightly sax sprinkled throughout.  Ms. Jackson gives a giggly, girly vocal that perfectly fits the mood of track.
2441 "Weird" Al Yankovic is a popular musician who parodies songs and plays the accordion.  He gained fame and acclaim for his parody of Michael Jackson's "Beat It", "Eat It".  His videos were heavily played on MTV and Mr. Yankovic had a strong screen presence and it was only natural that he would make the jump to feature films.  His first, and so far only, film is cult favorite UHF.  Mr. Yankovic plays George Newman, who is a big dreamer that can't hold down a steady job.  His uncle wins a small TV station in a poker game and lets George run it.  This is where the film has its best moments.  The station is fodder for shows such as Wheel of Fish and Stanley Spadowski's Playhouse.  The film is essentially made up of little vignettes from the station and they are hilarious.  The film gets bogged down a bit by the script outside the television station, but it is such great fun, you can overlook that.  The film also features a couple of no names at the time, who would go onto big success on television, The Nanny's Fran Drescher and Seinfeld's Michael Richards whose Stanley is a goofy forerunner of Kramer.
2442 11-17-70 is a live album recorded from a radio broadcast on the seminal New York rock station 102.7 WNEW-FM.  It was recorded during Elton John's first tour of America.  What makes the set so interesting is that it is a three piece made up of Mr. John on keyboards, Dee Murray on bass and Nigel Olssen on drums.  There are no guitars and it lends an intriguing sound to the songs.  "Bad Side Of The Moon" is a rousing number and one of the most underrated in the Elton John catalog.  "Amoreena" is a bonus cut and is a great song.  They do a ripping version of the Stones "Honky Tonk Woman" and they close the set out with a roaring "Burn Down The Mission" which incorporates part of The Beatles "Get Back".  11-17-70 is an excellent document from the early days of a megastar.
2443 New Morning followed closely on the heels of Self Portrait.  Much like its predecessor, New Morning has a laid back, eclectic feel.  The album offers up a mix of folk, country and jazz all done with an easy feeling.  "If Not For You" is an underrated number and would be released just a couple of months later as a standout track on George Harrison's All Things Must Pass.  "went To See The Gypsy" has a some great lyrics and "Winterlude" is a piano based number.  Other good songs include "If Dogs Run Free", the title track and "Three Angels".  New Morning is among the earthiest and rootsy sounding albums in the Bob Dylan catalog and an easy going listen.
2444 This is a collection of songs from Michael Jackson's solo work for Motown.  The early hits like "Got To Be There", the brilliant "I Wanna Be Where You Are", "Rocking Robin" and his first solo number one "Ben" are variations of his work with The Jackson Five.  They were produced by The Corporation and they are tremendous singles.  Some of the later work like "Happy", "Just A Little Bit Of You" and "One Day In Your Life" are not up to high standards of the early work, but are still quite good.  If you want to get an idea of what a young Michael Jackson sounded like, then this is a great place to start.
2445 1981's Long Distance Voyager was the first Moody Blues release in three year since 1978's Octave which did not perform well on the charts.  The band had to be wondering where their music would fit into the new wave music scene of the time.  They needn't have worried as the album shot up to number one and became the biggest selling album of their careers.  The album has a heavy synthesizer sound to it thanks to their new keyboardist Patrick Moraz (formerly of Yes), but underneath that it is all classic Moody's.  "Gemini Dream" & "The Voice" were big hits and they are both synth driven rockers.  "Talking Out Of Turn" is a strong song as is "22,000 Days", but the best track on the album is the gorgeous "Nervous".  Harking back to their Days Of Future Passed sounds, the song has a large orchestration with alot of strings and a choir sound.  It is simply the best song on the album and one of their best ever.  Long Distant Voyager isn't their most ambitious release, but from start to finish, you won't find a better Moody's album.
2446 Wings Greatest is a must for fans of Paul McCartney as it is the only place where you can find two of his singles the great "Hi, Hi, Hi" and the ode to his Scottish farm "Mull Of Kyntyre'.  The former is a blazing rocker and the latter has an Irish lullaby sound.  The song not a hit in the US but in the UK it was the biggest selling single of his career spending nine weeks at number one.  The album also contains some other overlooked gems like "Junior's Farm" and "Another Day".
2447 Yellow Submarine is far and away the worst album in The Beatles' catalog.  It is almost unfair to classify it as a Beatles album as it contains only four new songs, two previously released singles and alot of songs that comprise George Martin's score.  The new songs are often overlooked, but are still great.  "Hey Bulldog" is a something of a rarity, a forgotten Beatles classic.  "Only A Northern Song" is a great George Harrison song while "All Together Now" is an absolutely irresistible Paul McCartney singalong, which is an ode to the music sung throughout the UK in pubs.  Unfortunately the tepid and weak score drag down the rest of the record.
2448 This 9/1/00 Pearl Jam show actually took place in Camden, NJ and it is a superb set.  Eddie Vedder is in good spirits and the band plays like a well-oiled machine.  The do a ripping version of "Go", a great version of "Tremor Christ" and "Jeremy" still sends chills down your spine.  "Breath" is one of their great lost songs from the Singles soundtrack and it is a nice treat to hear it live.
2449 Midnight Oil are one of the most politically conscious bands in rock, singing about the political climate in their native Australia. In fact, lead singer Peter Garrett was an elected member of his country's government. Diesel & Dust was their breakthrough album in the US and it spurred on by the driving single and lead track "Beds Are Burning". That song, propelled by its powerful horn section, is about the plight of the Aboriginal people of their homeland. The other nine tracks all take on some sort of political bent. They show that one can make good music, make a statement and not come off as preachy or pretentious. "Put Down That Weapon" is a track that simmers along while "Dreamworld" is a frenetic rocker. "Whoah" & "Bullroarer" are calls for change. The album's centerpiece and one of the best songs to be released in the last twenty years is "The Dead Heart". The song has a majestical sound with kettledrums pounding through and a riveting doo-doo chorus, it is an unforgettable and powerful song. Midnight Oil sings about subjects that we in America may not fully understand, but they convey the true power that music can be, because you find yourself pausing to think and hoping for change.
2450 David Talbot's Season Of The Witch is a gripping account of life in San Francisco from the late 60's until the 80's.  He hits on all the major subjects of the eras from life in Haight-Asbury to Patty Hearst to the People's Temple/Jonestown to the assassinations of Mayor George Moscone and supervisor Harvey Milk to the AIDS epidemic.  His writing is engrossing especially on the era of terror in the city including the harrowing saga of the People's Temple and their influence on politics in the city which is tied into the assassinations of Mr. Moscoe & Mr. Milk by fellow elected official Dan White.  This is not the definitive story of the city as it really focuses on a specific time frame of the San Francisco.  Being from the east coast and never having been to San Francisco, Mr. Talbot provides a telling glimpse into what life was like in the city by the bay during some very tumultuous times.
2451 "The Ties That Bind" was originally going to be the title track of a single album to be released in 1979, but instead Mr. Springsteen had such an abundance of songs that the album was scrapped and The River double album was released.  The song differs from the songs on Darkness as the singer sings about connection and being tied to someone rather than wandering the world alone.
2452 Scarecrow is the most politically charged album of John Cougar Mellencamp's career.  "Rain On The Scarecrow" is about the plight small farmers face.  His compassion for the farmers led him to start Farm Aid with Willie Nelson & Neil Young.  "Justice & Independence '85", "Face Of A Nation" & "You Got To Stand For Something" all take a social commentary slant.  The album is also ripe with down home tales from Mr. Mellencamp's life.  "Small Town" was a huge hit and tells of the little Indiana hometown, "Minutes To Memories" is about an old man he meets on a bus and "Rumbleseat" is about being young and in love.  "Lonely 'Ol Night" sounds like it could have been released in 1967.  "R.O.C.K. in the U.S.A." is a tribute to the sounds and groups he grew up with and is a great song.  Scarecrow spent half a year in the top ten, spawned three top ten hits and made Mr. Mellencamp the Midwest answer to Bruce Springsteen.
2453 "Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?" is a quick song that barely clocks in over two minutes, but it packs a whole lot into that time.  Based on a routine bus ride Mr. Springtseen would take into Spanish Harlem to see a girfriend, the lyrics are a rapid fire rhymefest.  They make no sense on their own, but strung together make for a fun, compelling narrative.
2454 Time Pieces Volume 2 is culled together from Eric Clapton's live albums Just One Night and E.C. Was Here.  "Tulsa Time" was a top thirty hit in it the live form included here and is a good track.  The standout track is his version of Blind Faith's "Can't Find My Way Home" which is a blazing track.  Decent stuff, but these songs can be found as part of better albums.
2455 Everyman's Pocket Classics Paris Stories compiles works that stretch across the centuries from the 1500's to 1991.  Each selection deals with the City of Lights.  Most are edited passages from books like Victor Hugo's "Les Miserables" and F. Scott Fitzgerald's "Tender Is The Night" with of course the uniting factor being the City of Lights.  I was more interested in the 29th century selections and found Barry Miles' piece on the Beat Generation to be my favorite.  The book itself is a smaller hard cover (not truly a book you could fit into your pocket like many paperbacks, but smaller than a normal hard cover) and has the great feature of having a red string book mark woven into the spine.  It would be great if more books had one especially when it's a compilation like this book where you tend to jump around a lot and not necessarily read the book from front to back.
2456 Original Musaquarium I is a greatest hits album that spans the most fruitful period of Stevie Wonder's career, 1972-1980.  The album does not leave out any of the hits from that era.  You get "Higher Ground", "Superstition", "Master Blaster", "Isn't She Lovely", "I Wish", "Sir Duke" among others. If you already own these songs on other releases, there is a bonus of four new songs.  "Front Line" has a rock edge to it and is a stinging condemnation of the treatment of Vietnam vets, "Ribbon In The Sky" is a classic Wonder love song, "Do I Do" spans twelve minutes and shows off a jazzy side and "That Girl" shows off his vocal prowess and has some great harmonica playing. Many people are considered musical geniuses, but only a few actually are.  Stevie Wonder is one of the few.
2457 Rod Stewart's trademark has always been his whiskey-soaked, raspy voice.  Whether singing about quitting school for a girl in "Maggie May" or wishing eternal youth for his son in "Forever Young", Mr. Stewart's throaty tones add an all-knowing wisdom to the songs.  This is yet another greatest hits package from Mr. Stewart, who has released quite a few, but this one nicely samples his career from his Every Picture Tells A Story days right through his remake of "Ooh La La".  The musical journey makes welcome stops at "Young Turks", "Tonight's The Night", "Some Guys Have All The Luck" and "Have I Told You Lately".
2458 Beggars Banquet was the last album released by the original Stones lineup, although Brian Jones is reported to have barely played on it. It was a strong comeback by the band, who in trying to compete with the Beatles and fit in with the Psychadelic scene, had released the terribly misguided Their Satantic Majesties Request. Beggars strips away all the musically gimmickry and provides the listener with bare-bones rock. "Sympathy For The Devil" has taken on a life of its own and has become the band's manifesto. "No Expectations", "Dear Doctor", "Prodical Son" & "Factory Girl" find the band exploring country music themes for the first time. With their sexual themes, "Parachute Woman" & "Stray Cat Blues" put the band in familiar territory. The album closes with their anthem for the little man, the earnest "Salt Of The Earth". Beggars Banquet closes one era of the band while opening up a new one. They say goodbye to Brian Jones and start a music path that would produce some of the greatest albums ever recorded in musical history
2459 The latest update in Joel Whitburn's now 44 years of compiling and chronicling the Billboard Top Pop Singles charts is the same as all the previous volumes and that is a good thing.  The book is exhaustive and there is basically no other book you will need to research the singles charts.
2460 Buffy The Vampire Slayer is one the best written, most inventive shows on television and creator, producer, director & writer Joss Whedon showed that with last year's musical episode, "Once More With Feeling".  A demon has mysteriously appeared in Sunnydale and it is causing the town's residents to spontaneously burst out into song and dance.  The singing also reveals the deep personal feelings each person has.  On the program, the singing was fun, a bold step in the land of television, but the cd doesn't translate.  The first problem is that most of the cast can't really sing.  Sarah Michelle Gellar has a weak voice at best, but as Buffy, she must carry the pivotal songs.  On tv, this isn't that big of the problem because you get visuals, but on the cd you get Ms. Gellar's voice alone which isn't strong enough by itself.  Nicholas Brendon and Allyson Hannigan flat out can't carry a tune and Michelle Trachtenburg isn't a whole lot better.  Some of the cast can actually sing like Anthony Stewart Head and Amber Benson and their "Standing" and "Under Your Spell" are strong.  James Marsters does well with his track "rest In Peace".  Broadway veteran Hinton Battle plays the demon and he brings a Broadway flair to his character.  The disk ends with score music from previous episodes and the "suite From Hush" is a powerful piece and in that episode there was virtually no dialogue and the music played a vital role.  Despite the flaws in the singing, the songs are still enjoyable and of course will appeal to any fans of the show, but might also appeal to fans of musicals.
2461 "Hungry Heart" was the first single off The River and it became Bruce Springsteen's first top ten song, peaking at number five in late 1980.  The song was originally penned for The Ramones, but Mr. Springsteen's manager Jon Landau had seen him give away too many hit songs in recent years and told him to keep this one for himself.  The song has all the great elements of a hit song; a catchy, sing along chorus and radio-friendly sound.  It even contains a rarity for a pop hit, an organ solo.
2462 "Meet Me In Memphis" by Jimmy Buffett lives up to the title by employing a southern soul sound that is studded throughout with a punchy horn section.  The song sounds like it could been recorded in a good old juke joint.  It is different direction from Mr. Buffett's more well known Caribbean sound, but it works just as well.
2463 What's Going On is one of the all-time great albums in music history.  On any listing of the top albums of all-time, the album is invariably ranked among the top ten.  The album combines lush orchestrations, beautiful singing and conscious raising lyrics.  If you already own this album, you will still want to purchase this edition for the 1972 Kennedy Center concert on disk two.  It contains the entire album live as well as other hits and it finds Marvin Gaye at the top of his game.  Perhaps he was propelled by the fact that Washington DC officials had declared it Marvin Gaye Day and gave him a key to the city, but he sang with an urgency and passion that went unmatched.  The first disk contains the original album as well as a "Detroit Mix" of the album.  It is interesting to hear the alternate version, but the original still stands out.  The booklet is top notch with a heartfelt and elegant essay by Mr. Gaye's close friend Smokey Robinson.  You cannot give this album enough praise and all the accolades it has received over the past thirty years are well deserved. Perhaps the highest praise you can give it is that the album still sounds fresh, new and relevant after all these years.
2464 Living & Dying in 3/4 Time is Jimmy Buffett's last recording that concentrates on country music.  He would still keep a country flavor in his music, but this album contains none of the Caribbean rhythms or beach themes that would permeate his future work.  The album opens up with the vaudevillian "Pencil Thin Mustache" which is one of his more enduring classics.  "Come Monday" is a trippy folk number that deservedly became his first Top 40 hit.  "Ringling, Ringling", "Brahma Fear", "Brand New Country Star" and "Livingston's Gone To Texas" all are in the country theme and take on subjects such as the circus, rodeo riding, the Nashville music scene and head out to the range.  "The Wino & I Know" speaks of the wisdom of old drunks.  "Saxophones" and "Ballad Of Spider John" are slight numbers, but the album closes out with Mr. Buffett's take of Lord Buckley's "God's Own Drunk".  It is a perfect song for Mr. Buffett as it fits perfectly into his storytelling persona and he more speaks the story than sings it.
2465 Loaded was the final studio album from the seminal band Velvet Underground.  John Cale left the band after the release of their third album and it was he who added the sonic dimension to the band, all the fuzz & feedback. With his departure, Loaded has a simpler and more stripped down sound.  The first three songs on the album are as good as the Velvets have done, with "Rock & Roll" perfectly summing up the radical changes music can make in your life.  They help you remember the first time that you heard a song that helped make a difference in your life.  Lou Reed and new member Doug Yule split time on vocal duties and Yule closes out the album with the magnificent "Oh! Sweet Nuthin'".  The re-release with a second disk of all aternative or demo versions of the original album makes a great album even better.  The Velvet Underground never had any hit songs or albums, but their influence is felt throughout the music industry and Loaded help mold the sound of many bands.
2466 One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest is one of only three films in history to win the Academy Awards for best picture, actor, actress and director (It Happened One Night & Silence Of The Lambs are the others). They were richly deserved as Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher and Milos Forman are all outstanding. The film is based on the Ken Kesey novel and takes place in a state mental institution. Mr. Nicholson is R.P. McMurphy who is a convict and decides it's better to spend some time in the loony bin instead of jail. Once in, he stirs the pot and locks horns with the iron-fisted Nurse Ratched played by Ms. Fietcher. The film, as the book, looks at the rigidness of the so called establishment and it's goal of making everyone, through whatever means necessary, conform to its rules. Mr. Nicholson brings a manic energy and charm to the role of R.P. McMurphy. Ms. Fletcher is menacing as the evil Nurse Ratched and Brad Dourif is superb as a mental patient. Mr. Forman paints with broad strokes and he pushes things to extremes.
2467 After hitting his musical peak with the double album, Songs In The Key Of Life, every one wondered what Stevie Wonder would do next.  Showing that he wasn't afraid to experiment, he released another double album, this time a soundtrack to the documentary film The Secret Life Of Plants.  This album is different from just about anything in his catalog.  The album is made up of mostly instrumentals, but the songs truly convey the feeling of the film.  We are taken into the world of plants and the songs move between lush and serene to funky.  "Send One Your Love" is the one song that doesn't really fit into the concept (obviously included to attract people to the album) but it an absolutely gorgeous song and one of his best ballads.  To show that Mr. Wonder was a major force on the charts, the album that was from an obscure documentary, a second double album in a row and made up of basically instrumentals, still hit the top ten on the album charts.
2468 After the wretched Life, Neil Young bounced back strong with the blues-based, horn driven, This Note's For You.  The album has a nice loose feel and the songs, which in most cases are built around extended riffs, have a strong punch.  Mr. Young is in fine form and the horns section wraps nicely around some blistering guitar work.  The title track contains some scathing lyrics about the commercialization of rock music and the video won an MTV video award are Video of The Year despite being banned from the station.  "Life In The City", "Coupe De Ville", "Married Man" and "Sunny Inside" are all good songs, but "Ten Men Workin'" is the standout track on the album.  The album has a catchy as hell horn riff and some nifty guitar playing.  This Note's For You marked Mr. Young's return to the Reprise label and it marked a turn back towards greatness.
2469 The Verbatim Easy Riser Wireless Mouse is a simple, easy to use wireless mouse.  Set up involves simply putting in the AAA batteries that are included and plugging in the receiver.  The feature that differentiates it from other wireless mouses is the ability to change the height of the mouse to what is most ergonomically comfortable for the user.  This really doesn't add much value to me, but it might be helpful to someone with those issues.
2470 Elton John's Leather Jackets has too many old and tired ballads on it and "I Fall Apart" is unfortunately another example.  He once again sounds like he is just going through the paces and it seems like he'd rather be anywhere else than singing the song.  The lyrics are equally lazy and boring.
2471 There Goes Rhymin' Simon is another lyrically rich album from master tunesmith Paul Simon.  Mr. Simon has the ability to articulate his lyrics in a story like landscape that few songwriters can.  He perfectly captures a man on the brink of middle age in the breezy and brilliant "Kodachrome".  "Something So Right" is a pretty declaration of love.  He shows off his wry sense of humor on "Take Me To The Mardi Gras", "One Man's Ceiling Is Another Man's Floor" and "Learn How To Fall".  The album further cemented his reputation as one of music's best songwriters.
2472 "Hey Now" has a decidely pop sound from Talking Heads.  There is a nice jangling guitar riff that has a subtle reggae sound that breaks up the song in the middle.  The songs takes a turn into zydeco territory towards the end which is fun. The chanting of the title by David Byrne and back-up singers throughout much of the song is less appealing.
2473 Empty Sky is the debut album from Elton John.  It is a very solid effort, lacking in spots, but shows the immense potential that would be fully realized on future albums.  The title track is a good rocker that opens up the album.  "Val-hala" is the best song from the album with it's mystical Bernie Taupin lyrics and Mr. John's harpsichord gives it the baroque sound that would permeate his second album.  "Sails" and "Skyline Pigeon" are good songs as well.  The closing medley of "Gulliver/It's Hay Chewed/Reprise" is an interesting way to close the album.  The middle section is an instrumental with touches of jazz and the reprise is made up of pieces of songs from the rest of the album.  "Lady Samantha" and "Just Like Strange Rain" are the best of the bonus tracks on the album.
2474 1981's In The Pocket was the last album that Lionel Richie recorded with The Commodores.  It was a nice send off as the band assembled a strong eight song set that includes one of their all-time best songs, the beautiful "Oh No".  Other strong tracks include the bouncy "Lady (You Bring Me Up)", "Lucy" and the moving "Saturday Night".
2475 What made Traffic such a top-flight band was the musical prowess of its members. They got caught up in musical trends on their first couple of albums (i.e. the psychedelic nature of their debut), but in concert, their true greatness came through.  Welcome To The Canteen has the most expansive Traffic line-up bridging the gap between the original band and the last edition by having Winwood, Mason, Capaldi, Wood, Grech & Reebop.  The musical interplay between the members is on target especially on the Spencer Davis Group classic, "Gimme Some Lovin'" and "Medicated Goo". They are a great jam band and they do it without getting bogged down with long & boring guitar solos like some other groups do. It would have been nice to have fleshed out the album to a double-set to include some additional tracks, but Welcome To The Canteen is still a solid live album.
2476 Pearl Jam's opening date in Boston contains some excellent cover songs including "Soldier Of Love", a rousing " F@#!#!n'  Up" and an interesting and great cover of Little Steven's "I Am A Patriot".  The band is tight and Eddie Vedder is in fine vocal form.  The show isn't the best from the tour, but the covers elevate it.
2477 Collection 2 of No Reservations is one of the weaker collections in the series, but that is relative to the fact that the series is so good that even these lesser episodes are better than just about anything on TV.  The best two are the Ireland episode where Mr. Bourdain looks at the divide that exists between Northern Ireland and the rest of the country and the trip to the Pacific Northwest where eats some crazy dougnuts at Voodoo in Portland and eats at an underground chef society.
2478 Robert Christgau's book on the 70's album is a great read and invaluable tool.  His book on the 90's is not quite up to that level, but is still an invaluable information source.  Unlike his book on the 70's, Mr. Christgau does not provide a written review of every album that an artist released.  Only the albums that he actually reviewed in the Village Voice appear in the longer review form.  He also doesn't give letter grades to all releases, but gives varying degrees of stars to honorable mention releases, bombs and turkeys to some losers, a ham for choice cuts (singles) and even gives a grade of neither for releases that do not elicit a favorable or unfavorable reaction.  Mr. Christgau's introduction to the book details his reviewing process and it is quite revealing.
2479 Fiona Apple's first new album in six years, Extraordinary Machine, faced a Wilco Yankee Foxtrot Hotel dilemma when her label, Epic, held off releasing it because they thought it was too uncommercial.  Due to an aggressive internet campaign and the leaking of the songs, Epic changed their mind and gave Ms. Apple the green light. The album is a stunning collection of songs, many of which were written in the aftermath of Ms. Apple's break up with director Paul Thomas Anderson.  Due to this circumstance and the fact that she is no longer a teenager as she was on her first release, the songs have an air of maturity that her previous efforts lacked.  The album features producers Jon Brion (who worked the original sessions, but only ends up as a producer on two tracks, Brian Kehew and Mike Elizondo who work with hip-hop artists shows up on the album.  Mr. Kehew & Mr. Elizondo don't turn the album into a hip-hop affair, they beautiful match Ms. Apple's smoky voice and soft piano with simple loops that accentuate not dominate the sound.  "Tymps (The Sick in the Head Song)" is a perfect example of their work.  They also move away from the baroque sounds of the internet album by adding guitars, horns and slamming drums to the mix.  Ms. Apple is the real star though and her work on the piano driven "Get Him Back", the wicked "Red Red Red", the intense "Window" and the great "Better Version Of Me" show that she is ready to take the leap into superior singer-songwriter territory.
2480 As you would expect from director Terrence Malik, The Tree Of Life is a meticulously and beautifully filmed movie.  Every detail is beautifully captured and the film is glorious to look at.  The plot and meaning of the film is a different story.  It basically shows the beginning and end of the universe and ruminates on the meaning of life as told through the memories of Jack (Sean Penn).  Through flashbacks we see Jack from infancy until early teens (Hunter McCracken) and his relationship with his stern father (Brad Pitt) and his gentle, nurturing mother (Jessica Chastain).  The film is sort of a stream of consciousness narrative that jumps from scene to scene and doesn't follow a tradionial plot.  It sort of reminded me of 2001: Space Odyssey in its search for the meaning of life.  It is a bizarre and strange movie that certainly will find its detractors, but it will definitely make you think.
2481 Gil Scott-Heron was an innovator who combined, jazz, funk and soul sounds over which he spoke/sung messages of protest and outrage at the condition of Black America.  His delivery is a forerunner of rapping. His music is heavily sampled by hip hoppers and his afro-centric attitude has a strong foothold in the hip hop community.  For Winter In America he combines with pianist Brian Jackson for another set of songs of social commentary.  While some of his lyrics are clearly dated, the song's power and fury are enduring.  "The Bottle" is a stinging, open-ended question to the problem of alcohol abuse among urban blacks.  This problem lingers today as there still are liquor stores on every corner in the ghettos. Mr. Heron's music can be shocking, but it forces you think.
2482 1985's Watching You Watching Me is the final studio album of Bill Withers' career which is a shock since he wasn't even 50 at the time of its release.  He has only popped up occasionally in the past 30 years most notably on Jimmy Buffett's Licensed To Chill album, but his final release has a slicker and funkier sound that is a bit of departure from his classic hits.  The production isn't a distraction to his smooth and deep vocals and he shines on such tracks like the title track, the slinky "Oh Yeah", the funky "Don't Make Me Wait", the smooth "Heart In Your Life" and the calypso-esque "We Could Be So Sweet".  This is an often overlooked album in Mr. Withers' career, but it stands up strong with his earlier work.
2483 "Stolen Car" is another tale of restlessness and desperation.  The singer gets married and thought he'd be happy forever.  Now he has got this feeling of restlessness that has tore his marriage apart.  He steals cars and drives around at night hoping to get caught.  If he gets caught, he'll know that he is for real, but he never does.  He drives around in fear not that he will faces consequences of his crimes but that he will just disappear into the darkness of the night.
2484 Don Felder joined the band for On The Border.  His addition marked the starting of a shift from a country rock band towards more main stream rock.  In fact most of the album is made up of harder rocking songs.  The album opens up with the brisk "Already Gone", "James Dean" is a tribute to the culture icon, "Good Day In Hell" is a stinger and the title track gets into a favorite Eagles subject, paranoia.  Bernie Leadon still left his bluegrass footprints on the album with the scorching banjo workout, "Midnight Flyer" and "My Man" is a tribute to country-rock god, Gram Parsons.  "Ol' 55" is a gorgeous cover of a Tom Waits tune with classic Eagles harmonies.  Despite the harder edge, it was the supple ballad, "Best Of My Love" that became the album's big hit and the band's first number one single.
2485 Bright and colorful, these usb cords are a fun alternative to the standard black or white cords.  You get five in the pack, so you can leave one in your car, your briefcase, your desk and still have some to spare.
2486 Gidget was based on the movie series with a young Sally Field in the title role of Francis "Gidget" Lawrence. The show has a fun 60's surf setting with Gidget facing the typical teenage troubles of high school and dating. The true heart of the show is the relationship between Gidget and her father, Professor Russell Lawrence (Don Porter).  The show is a somewhat dated due to the fact it is forty-years old, but it still holds up thanks to the first-rate acting and the fact that despite the time or era, teenagers face the same trials and tribulations.
2487 Robert Crais takes Elvis Cole on the road in Lullaby Town.  After the first two books in the series took place in exclusively in the L.A. area, Mr. Crais sends Elvis across the country to the East Coast.  The book starts out with Elvis being contacted by Peter Alan Nelsen, who is a big time action movie director, to locate his missing first wife and son. The meeting between Elvis and Nelsen at Nelsen's office is hilarious. In Peter Alan Nelsen, Mr. Crais perfectly captures the stereotypical, self-absorbed Hollywood type. After Elvis takes the case, his search leads him to a sleepy little Connecticut town where he locates Karen (the first wife) and Toby (the son).  What Elvis discovers is that Karen isn't leading the simple country life, she's laundering money for the mob.  Elvis took on the Japanese mafia in Stalking The Angel and this time he gets a crack at the fabled New York mafia in a way that only Elvis can.  Taking the storyline out of L.A. is a nice change of pace as we get to see Elvis outside of his normal element.  Lullaby Town further cements Mr. Crais as a great mystery writer and he keen eye and sharp wit are further honed in this third entry in the series.
2488 Sharpie makee a superior marker and these cool neon fine points are no different.  The yellow is a little hard to see on paper and blue is a little on the dull side, but those are minor quibbles.  Great pens in colors that pop.
2489 Skywriter is the last album the band recorded in a traditional r&b style. The title track opens up the album and it's an uplifting, bouncy song. "Hallelujah Day" as the title suggests has a gospel vibe while "The Boogie Man" has a buzzing, funky sound. "Corner Of The Sky" is from the Motown backed Broadway show Pippin and the band delivers it in show tune fashion. "Uppermost" is an interesting and strong song while "You Made Me What I Am" closes the album out on a high note. Stevie Wonder produced a couple of songs on the album and this led the band to recording the backing vocals on his number one hit "You Haven't Done Nothin'".
2490 Prince showed a nice progression from his debut album to this second effort.  The overall songwriter is stronger, the music tighter and Prince's singing is more confident.  "I Wanna Be Your Lover" was his first hit (reaching number 11) and is a sexy, funky song.  Others like "Why You Want To Treat Me So Bad?", "Sexy Dancer" and "Bambi" are excellent songs.  His original version of "I Feel For You" is quite different than Chaka Khan's, it's a slower ballad in this version.  despite the tremendous growth, Prince was still more confident in the more upbeat songs as a couple of ballads fail.  Still, the album moved Prince a few more rungs up the ladder toward greatness.
2491 An Innocent Man harkens back to Billy Joel's leather jacketed, teenage years and emulates the rock sound of the pre-British Invasion days.  "Easy Money" has a rolling sound and became the title of a Rodney Dangerfield movie and the title track finds Mr. Joel singing a torch song.  "The Longest Time" is an almost a cappella number that pays tribute to the street corner doo wop groups.  "This Night" is another slower song while "Tell Her About It" has a definite R&B influence.  The song became his second number song and has a party atmosphere.  "Uptown Girl" has a full, explosive sound and a Frankie Valli & The 4 Seasons feel.  "Careless Talk" is fast paced song and "Christie Lee" is about Christie Brinkley.  "Leave A Tender Moment Alone" features some nice harmonica playing and "Keeping The Faith" sums up the overall theme of the album and closes it out on a high note.
2492 Bruce Hornsby is not only an accomplished keyboard player, but he is a sharp songwriter.  He co-penned with his brother most of the songs on this album as well as a #1 song for Huey Lewis & The News in "Jacob's Ladder".  In fact Mr. Lewis shows up playing harmonica and producing two songs on the album.  Mr. Hornsby wasn't blessed with the best voice in the world, but he more than compensates for that with snappy arrangements and a cohesive band.  Songs like "On The Western Skyline", "The Wild Frontier" and "The Red Plains" have strong lyrical images and the title track (which was a surprise #1 hit in late '86) is one of the best songs to come in the late 80's with Mr. Hornsby's keyboard work really shining.  Mr. Hornsby has toured with the Grateful Dead and more recently played with a Dead offshoot The Other Ones.  But don't be throw by that association as this album has more in common with artists like Springsteen, Petty & Mellencamp than the Dead.
2493 "I Want Your Sex" was George Michael's first single after he left Wham!.  The song was originally featured on the Beverly Hill Cop II soundtrack in its edited single version.  The version on the album is two parts starting with the single version that then moves into a much funkier version that is filled with some great horn fills.
2494 Billy Elliot is the inspirational tale of a young kid who escapes the troubles that surround him by taking up ballet in England circa 1984.  Director Stephen Daldry expertly uses music to add depth to certain scenes.  The cd contains much of the music from the film.  Many of the songs are from one of England's biggest acts from the 70's, glam rockers T. Rex.  Their "Cosmic Dancer" is played over the opening credits as Billy bounces on a trampoline.  The song sets the perfect tone for the film.  He dances along with his ballet teacher to the band's fun and silly "Ride A White Swan" and Billy runs in anger to the propulsive strains of "Children Of The Revolution".  Striking workers are chased by policemen to The Clash's "London Calling" while Billy dances maniacally to The Jam's "Town Without Malice" after his family gets into an argument with his ballet teacher.  The cd intersperses clips of dialogue from the film between songs.  The soundtrack provides a good look into the film as well as some English bands like The Jam, The Style Council and T. Rex who were big stars in their native country, but never really hit it big in the US.
2495 Slade is best known in the United States due to Quiet Riot's cover of "Cum On Feel The Noize".  This helped the band crack the US top 40 in 1984 with "Run Runaway" & "My Oh My".  While they are solid songs, they unfortunately don't represent Slade's best efforts.  The band was huge in England thanks to their cockney mix of glam rock and power pop.  "Coz I Luv You" is a pulsating rocker with a stinging violin, "Take Me Back 'Ome" captures the live intensity of the band, "Everyday" is a sweet ballad, "Far Far From Home" is an anthemic power ballad and "Merry Xmas Everybody" is a great and enduring Christmas rocker.  The band's finest moment is "Mama Weer All Crazee Now" which is an all-out rock raver that is a pure adrenaline rush.
2496 Physical Graffiti is a sprawling two record set in which the band experimented with some different sounds and produced their finest release.  Many of the song's length stretch out to the ten minute range, but they instead of being comprised of just long guitar or drum solos, they are filled with exotic, Middle Eastern flavored passages.  "Stairway To Heaven" maybe Zeppelin's most requested song, but "Kashmir" is their best.  It is epic in nature like "Heaven", equally as mystically, but is more musically complex.  The band has never sounded better.  "In The Light" follows in the "Kashmir" vein and is a strong number.  "Trampled Under Foot" is a driving rocker as is "Custard Pie".  "Down By The Seaside" is a wistful song and "Ten Years Gone" takes the band back to their blues days.  "Boogie with Stu" is a reworking of Richie Valens "Ooh! My Head" and "In My Time Of Dying" is a ethereal dirge.  While the album is not as immediately accessable as their earlier releases, it shows the band had more depth than they are given credit for.
2497 Otis Redding had the rare ability to take a well known song and make it sound all his own. The best example of that skill appears on this essential album. He takes the Rolling Stones' "Satisfaction" and transforms it from a guitar-driven rocker to a southern-fried R&B number. By replacing the seminal guitar hook with horns, Mr. Redding turns the Stones' complaint of into a plea. As with many soul singers, Mr. Redding has gospel roots and he covers three songs from the original gospel turned soul singer, Sam Cooke. "A Change Is Gonna Come", "Wonderful World" and "Shake" show his versatilty as a singer. The first is a gospel driven tune, the second is pure pop music and the third is a frenzied, rave-up shouter. "Shake" would become a staple of his live shows and his performance of it at the Monteray Pop Festival and in the film of the concert would help him reach the mainstream white audience. Mr. Redding wasn't just an interpreter of other people's songs, but a solid songwriter is his own right. The album contains the original version of "Respect" and while it doesn't have the defiance of Aretha Franklin's version, it still moves. "I've Been Loving You Too Long" my well be the best song he recorded and it contains one of the most heartwrenching vocals ever put down on tape. Otis Redding's life was tradgically cut short, but he left us with this record as a reminder of his immense talent.  Otis Blue is one of defining soul albums of the 60's and one of the era's best albums period.
2498 X's debut album, Los Angeles, was released in 1980 and was produced by Ray Manzarek of The Doors.  X emerged out of the burgeoning L.A. punk rock scene of the late 70's.  Unlike most of their contemporaries who were more raw style than substance, X consisted of gifted musicians.  They fused the raw power & frenzied emotion of punk with strands of rockabilly and country twang.  The quartet of Exene Cervenka on vocals, John Doe on bass, Billy Zoom on guitar and DJ Bonebrake on drums were supplemented by Mr. Manzarek on keyboards.  The nine songs are quick bursts of power and precision. The opening track's spurned lover fury of "The Phone's Off The Hook, But Your Not", the date rape victim of "Johnny Hit & Run Pauline", the feverish remake of The Doors' "Soul Kitchen", the banality of rich people's existence in "Sex & Dying In High Society" (which was used a theme in Bret Easton Ellis' book Less Than Zero) and the majesty of the title track, the album's finest moment.  The reissue is augmented beautifully by five tracks.  X was a band never destined for mainstream success, but nearly a quarter of a century later, this album as with much of their music, still sounds fresh and vital.
2499 Renegades by Robert Ward is part biography and part anthology of magazine articles he penned in the 70's & 80's.  The biography part is less than interesting and not really worth your time unless you are a major Robert Ward acolyte, but his articles on Reggie Jackson, Mark Fidrych and Lee Marvin are must reads.
2500 Take Me Out To The Ballpark is an excellent coffee table book.  It contains pictures and brief overviews of all the baseball stadiums currently in use and those that have met the wrecking ball. The book does not contain an in depth account of the parks, but gives a brief history and dates of significant highlights.  A perfect book for any baseball fan and a perfect book to pick up and skim through.
2501 After Billy Joel hit the big time with The Stranger, he had the unenviable task of following up that classic.  While 52nd St. isn't as good as The Stranger, it is still a tremendous record.  The album opens up with the venomous and hard "Big Shot" and then does a complete 180 with the quite "Honesty".  "My Life" is the big hit off the album and it bounces along while "Zanzibar" is the best song on the album.  It has a smoky, jazzy feel and is one of the most interesting songs Mr. Joel has ever done.  "Stiletto" has some slick piano work and "Rosalinda's Eyes" employs a Latin sound.  "Half A Mile Away" is full of horns and verve and "Until The Night" is a slower number in which Mr. Joel stretches his vocal muscle.  The title track closes the album out on a jazzy note.  52nd St. proved that Billy Joel was no fluke, as the album became his first chart topper and won the Grammy for Album of the Year.
2502 Al Green Gets Next To You is another showcase for the amazing vocal talents of the Rev. Al Green.  The album was his first commercial hit spurred on by the southern-fired r&b song "Tired Of Being Alone".  He slows down the Temptations' "I Can't get Next To You" into a bump and grind and he turns "Light My Fire" into a plea for spiritual fulfillment.  He dips into a blues vein on "I'm A Ram" and sermonizes on "God Is Standing By".  "Are You Lonely For Me Baby" is the standout track on the album as he tackles the Chuck Jackson song with a religious fervor.
2503 This cool, free gift box was a great way to add a little bit extra to giving a gift card.  I see that a lot of people are complaining about the box being dented and chipped, but my order arrived in perfect condition.  I could see how if the box was mishandled it could dent, so I guess it comes down to the individual packaing the order.
2504 Sara Evans' fifth album Real Fine Place is a cross between the roots music she made on her debut and country-pop ballads that are more radio friendly.  Ms. Evans has a good voice and a real ear for big, string heavy country hooks.  The first single, "A Real Fine Place To Start" is a great example of her radio-ready work.  She goes a little toward Gretchen Wilson country rock territory on "Momma's Night Out" and gets rootsy on the great "Coalmine".  "Supernatural" & "The Secrets That We Keep" are also tracks worth listening to.
2505 The Phillies have been in existence for 123 years and have only made four World Series appearances, so this DVD is something of an anathema for a Phillie fans.  It is both sweet and bittersweet as it celebrates their greatest successes, especially the 1980 championship, but also magnifies the futility of the team (the Marlins have been a team for only ten years yet have won one more title than the Phils).  That being said, this is a fine encapsulation of the championship years.  It would great if they would release a dvd of the complete 1980 World Series as it was a classic series and would a must own for any fan of the team.
2506 Off The Ground finds Paul McCartney in a new age, positive mood.  The songs have an air of hope for change and elevating your self to another level.  He continues his collaboration with Elvis Costello on two fine songs "Mistress & Maid" and "The Lovers That Never Were".  The album contains some other good songs, the airy title track, the pulsating "Hope Of Deliverance", "Biker Like An Icon" and "Winedark Open Sea".  There are a few clunkers, "Get Out of My Way" & "Peace In The Neighborhood" to name two, but overall it is a quality effort.
2507 "Corona" by the Minuemen was inspired by a 4th of July trip to Mexico.  It tells the tale of drinking cheap beer amid the squalor of the area.  It is much slower and there are no traces of the harcore punk sound they normally employ.  The slower sound captures the sympathy the band felt for the people they saw living those lowly standards.
2508 This set represents the first several episodes in Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations series.  You can tell the series hadn't quite found its footing in the first few episodes.  The basic premise of the show is the same as it is now, but Mr. Bourdain was still basically doing his Cook's Tour, I'll eat any type of food no matter how weird like eating rotten shark meat in Iceland.  That's not to say the episodes aren't still great.  The New Jersey episode where he goes back to his home state is quite funny (especially the end scene with Mario Batalli in an homage to The Godfather) and the Vegas episode with Michael Ruhlman has a definite Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas/Hunter S. Thompson trippy kind of vibe.  The premier episode in Paris sets the tone for the series as Mr. Bourdain towards the end lays out a manifesto for what he is trying to accomplish.
2509 1968's The Lion In Winter is a beautifully acted adaptation of the hit Broadway play.  Peter O'Toole and Katherine Hepburn light up the screen as the constantly verbally sparring Henry II, King of England and his Queen, Eleanor of Acquitaine.  It is Christmas Eve and Henry has brought the exiled Eleanor back to discuss which one of their three sons will become heir to his throne.  There are traitorous plots against him by all three sons vying for the throne, but in the end it is Henry who proves to be the most cunning and underhanded of them all.  Mr. O'Toole and Ms. Hepburn are simply tremendous together and their verbally interplay is sharp, incisive, hurtfully, darkly humorous and backed by a strength of character.  The supporting players include the film debuts by two, at the time, very young actors, Anthony Hopkins as Prince Richard and Timothy Dalton as Philip II of France.  Ms. Hepburn won her third Best Actress Oscar (and became the only the second actress after Louise Rainer to win consecutive Best Actress Awards after her in win in 1967 for Guess Who's Coming To Dinner) when she became part of the only acting tie in Academy history as she shared the award with Barbara Streisand.
2510 The Bangles made some very good albums, but by and large they were a singles band.  Their greatest hits collection culls together their finest songs which are among the catchiest of the 80's.  The band were knee deep in the sounds of the 60's and their songs are laced with the bright and sunny sounds of flower power.  The album features their number one songs, "Walk Like An Egyptian" and "Eternal Flame" as well as their all time best song, the mesmerizing cover of Simon & Garfunkel's "Hazy Shade Of Winter".  The Bangles are one of those bands that many people will never admit to liking, but will turn up the volume and sing along when "Manic Monday" comes on the radio.
2511 Most people think of rum as mixer with coke or in fruity tropical drinks like daiquiris.  Edward Hamilton's The Complete Guide To Rum will open your eyes to the wonderful world of rum.  Mr. Hamilton examines various types of rum and the countries of their origin.  Anyone who has a passion from rum or is interested in fine alcohol should check out this guide.
2512 The Beatnuts first release is this amazing EP, Intoxicated Demons.  The album is full of tight beats and the MC's Juju and Les are on point with their rhymes.  "Psycho Dwarf" is a brilliant song that explains the band's philosophy on life.  "World Famous" is a classic braggado and "On The 1 + 2" is a great track.  Intoxicated Demons is a great introduction to a heavily underrated hip hop band.
2513 Bobby Brown's 1988 album Don't Be Cruel was a monster in more ways than one.  It was a major hit on the charts producing five top ten pop singles, hitting number one on album charts and ending up as the best-selling album of 1989.  It also elevated New Jack Swing to the dominant sound in r&b music for next several years.  The album doesn't have a miss on it from the thumping "My Prerogative" to the bouncy "Every Little Step You Take" to the soft and sweet "Roni".  Bobby Brown became the biggest star in music for a short time, but he was never able to make the brilliance of his second album.
2514 Live is just an average effort by the band.  The songs are all top-notch and there are some nice surprises like "Doolin' Dalton", "Saturday Night" and a version of Joe Walsh's solo hit "Life's Been Good", but unfortunately the live versions are basically a paint-by-the-numbers versions of their superior studio efforts.  The band are notoriously anal and perfectionists about their music, so that leaves little room for improvisation.  They also did some studio touch up work on the songs to enhance their quality which takes away from the reasons why you want to hear a band live.  You want to hear them in their rawest, most personal form.  Live doesn't live up to expectations.
2515 Lonely Planet's Guide to New England is solid, run-of-the-mill guidebook that offers decent location information and travel itineraries.  Nothing groundbreaking or innovative here, but if you're heading to the New England, you will find some worthwhile locations to visit.
2516 While Let It Be was their final release, Abbey Road was the result of the last time they recorded together in the studio.  Despite the annonmosity and frayed tensions among the band, Abbey Road shows that they could produce music head and shoulders above everyone else.  "Come Together" has a Chuck Berry riff and George Harrison's "Something" has became a standard with even Frank Sinatra recording a version.  "Oh! Darling" has Paul McCartney flexing his vocal muscles and "Octopus' Garden" is a fun and goofy Ringo Starr composition.  "I Want You (She's So Heavy)" is aptly titled as it has an urgency and yearning John Lennon vocal with heavy guitar playing.  "Here Comes The Sun" is the best song George Harrison did with the Beatles with it's optimistic lyrics playing in stark contrast to the dark clouds surrounding the band at the time.  The song suite that closes the album shows the band were still willing to push boundaries and it is appropriate it closes out with a song called "The End".  Abbey Road marked the close of the recording career of the greatest group in music history.  In the six years that they made music in the studio together, they produced songs that not only affected the music world, but the world as whole.  From their hair, to their clothes to just about everything they did, they gripped the public's image and attitudes.
2517 Carter Alan's Road to Pop takes an extensive look at U2's career from their infancy in Dublin to the recording of their first album, Boy, to their first tour of America through their last album at the time of the book's re-release, Pop.  It is a fascinating look at a band who is never at a loss for words.
2518 This is a superb collection of music.  "Back On The Chain Gang" was the Pretenders first song after the deaths of two its memebers and it is a beautiful song.  "Twilight Zone" by Golden Earring is an  80's radio classic as is "One Thing Leads To Another" by the  Fixx.  "The One Thing" is the song that brought the Aussie group  Inxs attention in America and it remains one of their best.  "She's A  Beauty" was the only top ten hit for the Tubes.  They made some of the  most interesting music in the early 80's and they deserved more than one  hit.  .38 Special leave their southern-style rock for the more mainstream  "If I'd Been The One".  Supergroup Asia's "Don't Cry"  laid the musical formula that Yes would follow for their comeback hit  "Owner Of A Lonely Heart" by adding a commercial polish to  progressive rock.  The weak links are "Love Is A Battlefield" by  Pat Benatar, "Hot Girls In Love" by Loverboy & "All The  Way" by Triumph.  All three released better music in '83 that could  have been used here ("World Of Fantasy" by Triumph is an  example), but these songs are still decent and the other music more than  makes up for them.  If you remember the glory days of MTV when they  actually played videos, you'll remember all these songs and you'll want to  add this cd to your collection.
2519 The Very Best of The Doobie Brothers is an tremendously comprehensive two disk set that has all the band's hits as well as favorite album tracks.  This set essentially combines and expands on the band's 1976's Best Of and 1981's Best Vol. 2.  Some of the songs are trimmed down to their single version, but that is made up for the sheer volume of tracks covering everything from Toulouse Street to 2000's Sibling Rivalry.  The interesting and unique track listings make this a must own Doobie Brothers collection.
2520 Blood On The Dance Floor is the first remix album in Michael Jackson's career. Usually these albums are a waste of time as the remixes of songs don't normally measure up to their originals. Remixes serve a purpose for the artists as they get additional airplay in dance clubs and on dance stations and that is fine.  If you are out at a club, you're there to dance and the extended versions and thumping beats that are added to songs work. The problem is, the songs get tedious when you're just listening to them. A perfect example on this album is "You Are Not Alone" which is a beautiful ballad, but in this version has a club beat.  What saves this album from the rest are the five original songs.  After a spotty effort with the new songs on History, the new material included here is top rate.  The title track is amazing with its vivid lyrics and "Morphine" is a searing rocker that speaks of the ravagings of drug addiction.  The five songs would have been better served being on an EP, but they are worth buying the whole album for.
2521 The Yost MFV-3 is a perfect tabletop vise that provides a secure and stable hold on the material you've got clamped in. The vise itself has the solid look and feel of a well-made piece of equipment that you can tell is built to last.
2522 Signed, Sealed & Delivered is a great album from Stevie Wonder.  The title track is among his most popular with its ringing guitars, blazing horns, southern fried sound and fiery vocals it is a r&b classic. Many of the songs point towards his movement into more social and political commentary. His cover of the Beatles' "We Can Work It Out" turns it from a song about a love relationship into a song about racial unity.  "Never Had A Dream Come True" is another song about inequality.  The album's most moving and emotional song is "Heaven Help Us".  The song has a powerful orchestral movement and is a plea for change.  The album showed a more mature artist and is a forerunner of the work he would explore later in the decade.
2523 "The Angel" opens up side two of Greetings From Asbury Park and it is another sparse, haunting track telling a tale of a motorcycle outlaw.  It is the first song of Mr. Springsteen's to be based completely on a car theme. Cars would soon become a common thread in many of his lyrics.  Mr. Springsteen vowed he would never play the song live and he almost kept his word, only playing it twice, first on 4/22/96 in London and then as part of a complete Greetings run through on 11/22/09 in Buffalo, NY.
2524 The time seemed right for Elton John to do a time honored tradition, release a double album. Goodbye Yellowbrick Road is a sprawling album full of melodic hits and potential hits. The album opens with an eleven minute masterpiece "Funeral For A Friend/Love Lies Bleeding". The first half of the song is a swirling instrumental and then merges into a ripping rocker. "Candle In The Wind" made it's first appearance here and it's nostalgic lyrics hit the mark. "Grey Seal" is a remake of a song from the time of the second album and "Jamaica Jerk-Off" is a funny song set to a Caribbean beat. "All The Girls Love Alice" is a pulsating rocker and "Harmony" is a honey dipped ballad. "Bennie & The Jets" has the memorable piano riff and the crowd noise gives it the feel of a live record. The title track is song of lost love and fame and has the feeling of a Broadway show stopper. "Saturday Night Is Alright For Fighting" is as a hard a rocker as Mr. John has ever recorded and it will get your juices flowing. The album cemented Elton John as the biggest act in music of the time and spent eight long weeks lodged at the top of the charts.
2525 On Mr. Happy Go Lucky, John Mellencamp teams up with producer Junior Vasquez for the most interesting sounding album of his career. By employing Mr. Vasquez, the songs have a hip-hop flavor and a dance floor beat. The album has a sonic resonance that adds a fuller sound to the songs. In that respect, the experiment works. The problem with the album is that the songs aren't up to Mr. Mellencamp's usual standards. There are a few excellent songs like "Just Another Day", "Jerry", "Jackamo Road" and "The Full Catastrophe". The rest of the songs are well produced, but they sound like he is more interested in the new sound than the songs themselves.
2526 Legendary rock critic and writer Greil Marcus' new book, The History of Rock 'n' Roll in Ten Songs has an interesting concept.  The book tries to show how ten songs ("Shake Some Action" "Transmission", "In The Still Of The Nite", "All I Could Do Was Cry", "Crying, Waiting, Hoping", "Money", "Money Changes Everything", "This Magic Moment", "Guitar Drag" & "To Know Him Is To Love Him") actually come to embody rock as an entity unto itself and not merely a form of music.  Very high minded stuff, but each chapter dedicated to the respective song more or less ends up being your typical historical review of the song recording and the artist or artists who recorded it.  Mr. Marcus is such a skilled and evocative writer that you can overlook the fact the finished products fails to live up to its premise.
2527 Neal Bascomb's The Perfect Mile, follows three runners, England's Roger Bannister, United States' Wes Santee and Australia's John Landy in their pursuit of the once thought unbreakable achievement, running a mile in under four minutes.  While you know the outcome that Bannister is the first to accomplish the feat, Mr. Bascomb effectively keeps you in suspense following all three runners in the near misses.  His description of the races puts you right in the middle of the runners as if you were actually involved.  He also chronicles the changing face of sports in the mid 20th century where Bannister is the last of the truly amateur athletes, competing in sports and also living a full-rounded life (he studied and passed his medical exam all in the midst of training and breaking the barrier) and Santee represents the changing of the guard, athlete as entertainer.
2528 Zits is a humorous comic strip about the struggle between a teenager and his parents.  Jeremy Duncan is a typical teenager in high school.  He has a best friend in Hector, plays in a rock band and can't understand his parents.  His parents in turn cannot figure out their son.  The strip uses various site gags to get this point across like Jeremy's head turning into a balloon and floating away to represent airheadedness.  The jokes are sometimes obvious, but Zits' heart is in the right place.
2529 What more can you say about the Weber 7555 premium cover other than it fits snuggly the grill and really helps to protect the grill from the elements including rain, snow and pollen.  Can't ask for anything more.
2530 "My Hometown" closes out Born In The U.S.A. on a somber note.  The song has the singer telling his son that his hometown is dying and never coming.  He wants him to take a good look and soak everything in, because before you know they are leaving and the town will never be the same.  The singer remembers show the town used to be vibrant and alive and then tension and problem stirred up.  They closed down the factory that gave the town life and now he is looking to get him and his family out.  The song was the seventh and final single released from the album and it help tie a record for most top ten singles from an album when it peaked at number six in January 1986.
2531 Johnny Hates Jazz produced one classic hit with their 1988 song "Shattered Dreams".  It's a brilliant little piece of 80's pop with its snappy synth line and sing along chorus.  The song soared all the way to number 2 on the charts.  Sadly nothing else on the album matches the greatness of that song.  "I Don't Want To Be A Hero" has a Culture Club vibe and scrapped into the bottom of the top 40 at number 31.  The title track is a marginal r&b influenced track and "Don't Let It End This Way" is a more moody track.
2532 If you are expecting a CSN style California rock track from Stephen Stills on "Can't Let Go" you will be surprised.  It is a smootgh, 80's drenched r&b ballad with main vocals handled by Mike Finnegan.  While Stills purists will hate this track, it is well produced, sung and has a gorgeous guitar courtesy of Mr. Stills. There were always some heavy r&b influences on his early solo work and this brings it up to date with the sounds of the time.
2533 Fleetwood Mac's original driving force was guitar god Peter Green.  But Mr. Green was a tortured man and he abruptly departed the band before they started work on this album.  Jeremy Spencer assumed the leadership role in the band and they moved away from the hardcore blues that Mr. Green was passionate about towards a more rock sound.  Kiln House is a great early Mac album with some killer tracks like the simmering "Station Man", the rockabilly of "This Is The Rock" and the Buddy Holly tribute "Buddy's Song".  Kiln House is much crisper and cleaner than their earlier work and it signaled a major change in the band's direction, one that would lead them down a much more mainstream road.
2534 Fulfillingness' First Finale continued the major roll Stevie Wonder was on in the mid-70's.  The album opens with the sunny "Smile Please" and then moves into a more cautionary "Heaven Is 10 zillion Light Years Away" (which has a backing vocal from Paul Anka).  "Boogie On Reggae Woman" is simmering slice of funk while "Creepin'" is an effective ballad.  "You Haven't Done Nothin'" is probably the angriest and most outright attacking song in his catalog.  An attack on Richard Nixon, Mr. Wonder sings with venom in his voice and calls out backup singers, The Jackson Five, like he was reading troops for battle.  The song is a classic and was a number one hit.  On the other side "They Won't Go When I Go" is a sparse and haunting track that showcases Mr. Wonder's incredible voice.  The album became Mr. Wonder's first number album since 1962's 12 Year Old Genius and showed that after 12 years he was still a genius.
2535 Songs From The Who is a compilation of Who cover songs by such devotees as Pearl Jam, Sheryl Crow and others.  The problem with the album is that most artists do by the number versions of the songs.  Pearl Jam's version of "The Kids are Alright", Sheryl Crow's "Behind Blue Eyes", Phish's "5:15" and Fastball's "The Real Me" all sound like they could have been done at a kareoke bar.  They don't add their own unique sounds to the songs and they feel sterile.  Other artists do rework songs most notably David Bowie who slows down "Pictures Of Lily" into an almost dirge and Ocean Colour Scene who infuse "Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere" with a modern flair.  The Who themselves rework "Substitute", but the result isn't that great.  But at least they got into the spirit of a cover album, reworking an artist's songs into a different sound.
2536 Hershey's has come up with an fun new product that is sort of their version of a trail mix but with candy as the star.  The Hershey's version has mini hershey bars, chocolate covered pretzel bites, mini pretzel balls and almonds while the Reese's version has mini peanut butter cups, Reese's Pieces, mini pretzel balls and peanuts.  I preferred the Reese's version because Reese's Pieces are my all-time favorite candy and also, truth be told, I'm not a big fan of chocolate.  That's not to say the Hershey's version is not good, it works in concept and if you love chocolate, you'll love the mix.  These mixes are nice twist on familiar products and great grab and go snacks.
2537 This Is Spinal Tap pokes fun at documentary films with what faux director Marty DiBergi calls a rockumentary.  While MTV took this title and actually had rockumentaries, VH1's wildly successful Behind The Music series is a take off (albeit a serious one) of Tap's concept.  Michael McKean, Christopher Guest & Harry Shearer star as a fictional English heavy metal band Spinal Tap.  The film follows them around on their concert tour and the hoopla surrounding the release of their album Smell The Glove.  The three stars are hysterical.  They conduct themselves with a mock seriousness and that better than everyone attitude that stars often assume.  The concert sequences are great as the Tap's songs are great spoofs of the metal genre with titles like "Stonehedge" & "Big Bottoms".  The movie is woefully short, so the extra footage is a welcome addition.  Tony Hendra is brilliant as the band's put upon manager and a young Fran Drescher shows up as a record label executive while Dana Carvey and Billy Crystal have a small bit as mime waiters.
2538 Jewel has a little harder edge to her sound for her third album, This Way.  That's not to say she has abandoned her elemental folk sound, it's just been kicked up with a rock edge.  The first single, "Standing Still" is a great example of the new sound as is the title track.  "Love Me, Just Leave Me Alone" has a 70's Faces riff and is easily the most rocking Jewel has ever gotten. But she doesn't completely change her sound as "Break Me" is classic Jewel.  It is a stark ballad in the vein of a "Foolish Games" and the best song on the album, "I Won't Walk Away" is awash in strings and pianos and the lyrics are poignant and deep.
2539 After the brilliance of his previous album, The Distance, Bob Seger took four years to release 1986's Like A Rock.  The album is just a middling affair with some excellent song surrounding by sub-par efforts.  The album's opening song is the blazing "American Storm" which sounds much like previous opening album tracks "Even Now" and "Hollywood Nights".  The title track is much abused due to its use in truck commercials, but that doesn't lessen its strong quality.  The best track on the album is "The Ring" which is a forlorn tale of a woman who has grown tired of her marriage and knows that she is trapped in the fading relationship.  The rest of the album is not very good especially the awful cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Fortunate Son".
2540 Led Zeppelin's self-titled DVD is a treasure chest for all fans of the band.  Nearly four hours of never before seen concert footage is spread out over two disks that feature performances from every era of the band's career.  It is a real eye opener for fans who never experienced the band live to see the sheer power and magnetism of the group at the height of their powers.  The best aspect of the collection is the brilliant sound and picture clarity.  Jimmy Page spearheaded this project and although surviving members Robert Plant and John Paul Jones contributed, Mr. Page is the lifeblood of the work.  The remastering of the footage's sound and picture is breathtaking.  One only need to view the four songs from the Madison Square Garden concert to see the first rate work.  This is footage from a concert that was filmed for the band's 1976 film, The Song Remains The Same.  In viewing that movie, the picture is somewhat grainy and the colors blurred, but on this disk, the picture is sharp and clear.  Led Zeppelin sold tons of albums in the 70's, but it was their legendary live performances that made them rock gods and this collection brings that view into focus.
2541 Chicago's self-titled debut album (under the moniker of Chicago Transit Authority) was a bold record upon its initial release.  First the original release was a double album which were becoming popular at the time, but for established artists like The Beatles and Jimi Hendrix.  Second, the band combined jazz elements into their music, which no other group other than Blood, Sweat & Tears was doing at the time.  The album has an experimental feel with the feedback laden "Free Form Guitar" and the rolling cover of Spencer Davis Group's "I'm A Man" show as well as the recordings of the infamous 1968 Democratic Convention that occurred in their namesake hometown that are on the record.  But most of the entire album shows the band's strong sense of melody and the first rate music they could make.  "Beginnings" is an absolutely beautiful ballad that stretches out over seven minutes thanks to a left turn into samba territory.  "Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?" is an almost perfect pop record that became the band's first top ten single.  "Questions 67 & 68" shows the band's rock side to equally strong results.  Chicago Transit Authority shows that the band was more than just the corporate rock machine that it would become in the 1970's.  It shows the band had high ambitions as to melding rock, jazz and pop together.  They didn't always succeed, but at least they were willing to try.
2542 Robert Altman's Nashville is the filmmaker's masterpiece.  He weaves the stories of 24 characters into a magical tapestry.  The movie takes place over the course of several days in the music city.  We get into the lives of several big country music stars, a rock trio, a hippie from LA out to see her uncle and sick aunt, a couple of would be singers and others.  The connecting theme running through the movie is that a campaign worker for a presidential candidate (who is never seen, but only heard from a van touting his candidacy that rolls through the city) from a new radical party tries to get support from the musicians to appear at a campaign rally.  The outstanding performances abound including Henry Gibson as an extremely vain and egotistical country singer, Ronee Blakely as a sick and recovering country star, Ned Beatty as a label executive for the musicians and the husband of Lily Tomlin and Michael Murphy as the campaign worker.  The stars all wrote and sang the songs that appear in the film with Keith Carradine winning an Academy Award for his haunting tune "I'm Easy".  This film could have been an overblown mess, but Mr. Altman's deft hand guides you through the twists and turns to the surprising conclusion.
2543 Sean Wilentz is a noted historian and he uses that historically background to try and articulate how Bob Dylan fits into the seam work of US history from his rise in the 1960's until the present day.  The concept is a good one, it's just that Mr. Wilentz writes in a far more academic scope that is more suited for the classroom than the causal reader would like (more than a few times he uses words that will be out of the vocabulary of even an above average linguist).  He also spends far too much time detailing the life and works of people composer Aaron Copland and blues artist Blind Willie McTell who aren't necessarily thought of as influences on Mr. Dylan's work, but that Mr. Wilentz makes the arguement that they really are.  That being said Mr. Wilentz is a long time fan of Mr. Dylan and he attended several famous Dylan concerts that he recalls in the book.  Also, the section on the recording of 1966's masterful double album Blonde On Blonde is a superbly written, detailed account of the sessions that puts you right in the middle of the action.  All in all, the book has it's heart in the right place, but doesn't always deliver on the execution.
2544 Joe Harvard's entry in the 33 1/3 series is an immensely enjoyable read.  I like the Velvet Underground's music, but wouldn't consider myself a huge fan.  This book provides interesting insight into the band's origins and the sessions for the album.  It's tough to understand how revolutionary the album was for its time, but Mr. Harvard does an excellent job of setting the 60's NYC scene in Andy Warhol's world.
2545 Stone Temple Pilots arrived on the second wave of grunge bands in 1992.  Not from Seattle, but rather California, the band were always treated as outsiders in the scene.  They were critically bashed as posers, imitating Pearl Jam and others.  These critiques are unfair.  While the band did conspicuously sound like Pearl Jam in spots, they have a much better ear for a big and catchy guitar hook.  Their debut release, Core, is chock full of chunky guitars and lead vocalist Scott Weiland has the big rock star voice to carry the band.  The album's opener "Dead & Bloated" starts off a cappella and then slams into a fiery riff that explodes out of your speakers.  "Sex Type Thing" has a driving beat that slinks along like a black cat, but also touches on the subject of rape.  "Creep" slows the pace down with some well-placed acoustic guitars.  "Plush" is the song that brought them alot of flack as many thought it was Pearl Jam upon first hearing.  While Mr. Weiland does do a pretty convincing Eddie Vedder, but Pearl Jam has never been able to come up with anything as catchy and melodic as "Plush".  It is a tremendous song and one of the best from that era.  Core is a very good debut album and laid down the blueprint for STP's future work.
2546 There are very few books that are essential for one's personal library, but this book qualifies.  One can argue the point, but you are pretty safe in saying that Shakespeare is the great writer of all-time.  This collection of his works is magnificently edited by David Bevington.  If you've never read anything by Shakespeare or read and re-read him a million times, you shouldn't be without this anthology.
2547 If you are a fan of the artist Shag and the color pink, then this is for you.  The drink recipes are all intended to look pink and each one is on a card similar to a flash card kids use for school.  Each card contains the recipe on one side and a Shag drawing on the other.  As noted by the title, many contain the Pink Panther.  This is mid century modern cool.
2548 John Coltrane is one of the most inventive and innovative jazz musicians of all time, but he very well may be at his best with his work on these six simple ballads.  By employing Johnny Hartman as the vocalist, Mr. Coltrane's tenor sax perfectly meshes with Mr. Hartman's deep, rich baritone voice.  Mr. Hartman's voice is so sweet and mellow it practically drips out of your speakers. The songs are all arranged in a simple and understated manor and that adds to their elegance.  Mr. Coltrane plays in smooth yet forceful tones that turn simple riffs into majestic sounds.  McCoy Tyner provides the backbone of the album with his piano playing.  He fills the holes with pretty tinkling of the ivories.  The band is at their peak on the opening track "They Say It's Wonderful" that opens with a 2 minute solo by Mr. Coltrane and then drops Mr. Hartman's silky dulcitones on you.  It doesn't get any more romantic than right here.
2549 Grease is one of those guilty pleasures in life.  There is no substantial music here, but it's just plain old fun to listen to.  Try not singing along to songs like "Summer Nights", "You're The One That I Want" or "Greased Lightnin'".  The title track is a great combination of doo-wop and disco and "Beauty School Drop Out" is campy fun.  All in all, Grease is fun stuff.
2550 When Tapestry was released in 1971, Carole King was really only known as songwriter of such 60's hits like "The Loco-Motion". You knew she could write a good song, but what Tapestry revealed was Ms. King's vocal talents.  Her voice is sweet and comfortable like a warm cup of tea and wraps around the song.  The album basically created the 70's phenomena of the singer-songwriter and James Taylor, Cat Stevens, Harry Chapin and the like benefited from its mammoth success.  Ms. King explores real emotions from her own perspective and it gives an intimacy to songs like "It's Too Late", "So Far Away", "Where You Lead" & "Home Again".  "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" & "Natural Woman" take on a new meaning from the originals as we get to hear them from the composer's point of view instead of interpretations by others.  Although she recorded and released it first on this album, she gave "You've Got A Friend" to good friend James Taylor as it obviously had a huge hit potential. People connected with the songs on this album and propelled it to number one. It stayed on the Billboard Top 200 album charts for over 500 weeks which was a record until Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon surpassed it.
2551 "Ceramic Girl" was amazingly the sixth single from Ready For The World's debut album to crack the r&b top 100 charts.  It did only manage to creep up to number 82, but six charting singles is still an impressive feat.  The song keeps in the same Minneapolis funk style of the rest of the album, but has a little more of a rock edge with a buzzing guitar prominently featured in the song.
2552 "I'm A Rocker" is a fun song that just invites you to sing along and pay it no mind.  The singer is telling some girl he ain't no super hero, spy or man of mystery.  He is a rocker, plain and simple and that's way better than being James Bond, Kojack or Columbo.
2553 After the success of What's Going On, Marvin Gaye moved away from social issues to issues of the flesh. Let's Get It On finds him singing about sex, not just about the physical pleasure one gets, but on a spiritual level. The title track is almost sermon like in its delivery where Mr. Gaye dispenses with all pleasantries and asks his lover to get it on. He not only feels good, but he feels sanctified. The song has a silky sound that matches Mr. Gaye's smooth vocals. The rest of the album finds Mr. Gaye searching for a love that will help him find that balance between the real and spiritual ecstasy he so desperately craves.  The remastered package includes multiple takes and demos of the tracks, some of which are excellent and others are filler, but coupled with the original album it makes for a superior listening experience.
2554 Ray Romano has one of the driest senses of humor in showbiz and it comes across well in his writing debut, Everything & Kite.  Mr. Romano's meat and potatoes is family life and, like his TV show, he explores everything from kids, to parenting, to his sex life.  His stories on his own childhood and his parents are a scream as is his stories about his sex life.  This book will leave you laughing as Mr. Romano goes into situations we all can relate to.
2555 "Live" Bullet was Bob Seger's first album to include The Silver Bullet Band in the title.  Mr. Seger was a huge star in the Midwest, thanks in large part to his raucous live performances.  But he was never able to make a dent in the national scene save for a few minor hits.  This live album released in 1976 showed his strength of the stage and gave people a chance to sample his best music.  The reflective "Travelin' Man" & "Beautiful Loser" perfectly segue into one another while "Jody Girl" is a lamenting ballad.  "Turn The Page" is a classic tale of live on the road and Mr. Seger perfectly captures the haze and monotony of a musician on tour.  Mr. Seger really shines when the band cranks up the energy on such workouts like "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man", "Katmandu", "Get Out Of Denver", "Let It Rock" and "Heavy Music".  "Live" Bullet only peaked at number 34, but it was a multi-platinum seller and made Mr. Seger a star.  His next studio album would put him over the top.
2556 With Mike Nesmith having left the group, the two remaining Monkees released one more album as a duo.  This album is just like their first two with Jeff Barry playing the role of Don Kirshner.  Barry production and songwriting are bubblegum perfect but the album lacks any feeling.  "Oh My My", "I Love You Better" and "It's Got To Be Love" are good tracks with superslick production and catchy hooks and Mickey sings the heck out of them as he does on the pretty "Ticket On A Ferry Ride".  The problem is that they had previously released more mature songs and had progressed as musicians and this seems like a major step backwards.  These songs would have been perfect for someone like the Partridge Family.  Mickey & Davy finally realized that the Monkees were through and disbanded after this release.  Changes doesn't add anything to the Monkee catalog and it would have been better is they went out on a higher note.
2557 The Jackson's 1976 self-titled album was their first release for Epic records after leaving Motown.  With youngest brother Randy replacing Jermaine who stayed with Motown, the band moved from the Motown production machine to the Philly Soul engineers Gamble & Huff.  The band recorded the album at the famed Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia and the original album actually was released on the famed Philadelphia International Records imprint.  Mr. Gamble & Mr. Huff provide a more mature sound with their trademark lush orchestration.  The album's opener and first single "Enjoy Yourself" is a bubbly and kinetic number with a popping guitar riff that is accentuated by horn bursts.  The song was a big hit peaking at number six in the early part of 1977.  Michael shows off a more mature side of himself on strong numbers "Blues Away", "Strength Of One Man" and the swirling and gorgeous "Style Of Life".  The Jacksons was an attempt to move the band away from their teenybopper image towards a more adult sound and it succeeds on every level.
2558 Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere was Neil Young's second album and the first with his seminal backing band, Crazy Horse.  In his work with Buffalo Springfield and on his first solo album, Mr. Young played music that was acoustic in base and had flares of country and folk.  Crazy Horse added a hard, electric edge to his music and it is noticeable from the start on the high octane "Cinnamon Girl".  The song has ringing guitars and a feedback coda that shows why Mr. Young is the godfather of grunge.  "Down By The River" and "Cowgirl In The Sand" are lengthy cuts.  The former is almost a blues dirge with a piercing guitar sound and murderous lyrics while the latter is more upbeat, but no less impressive.  "Round & Round" is a soft and lamenting, country flavored song that is unfortunately overlooked.  It is a great song and deserves alot more attention than it gets.  Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere is a major leap by Mr. Young taking him into the upper stratosphere of musicians.
2559 This mug has a funny sentiment to send off that special co-worker into their much deserved retirement with a big smile on their face.
2560 Pulp is one of the most underappreciated bands around.  Different Class is a great example of how you can make intelligent music with catchy beats.  Jarvis Cocker has a sharp pen and no one is beneath his satirical insights.  He also has a silky smooth voice that masks the biting lyrics.  Great songs include "Underwear", "Live Bed Show", "Common People" & "Bar Italia". "Disco 2000" is the standout track with its poignant lyrics and shimmering sound it is a song that deserved to be a major hit in this country.  A true highlight and top-notch album from the 90's.
2561 "Don't Stop" is an eight minute track off of Lionel Richie's Dancing On The Ceiling album.  It is about four minutes too long and it just monotonously lumbers on with the same syncopated beat that underscores the track.  The track never takes off outside of a blast of synth from time to time throughout the chorus.
2562 Exile On Main Street is arguably the Rolling Stones greatest work.  A double album consisting of down and dirty, bluesy songs about the decadence the band was spiraling down into.  They were drinking heavily and doing alot of the drugs and the music mirrored their state of mind.  John Perry does alot of writing about the band, but seemingly glosses over the album itself.  Normally the books in this series are superb, but unfortunately this one does not live up to the other volumes or the album it covers.
2563 Ben-Hur is a cinematic classic with the chariot race scene being one of the most indelible and iconic scenes in movie history.  Although I enjoy the film, I wasn't ready to drop the coin for the collector's edition with the extra stuff I don't need or want or over $30. for the dvd/blu-ray combo since I already owned the dvd.  When I saw the $9.99 blu-ray movie only edition, I pounced on it.  The transfer is superb and adds a new spark and life to the film.  The blu-ray is well worth the price.
2564 Rolling Stone political writer Matt Taibbi wrote an article in the magazine about Goldman Sachs in which he referred to them as a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity.  This new book Griftopia, Mr. Taibbi further expands on the premises of the article in that Goldman Sachs and Wall Street as a whole are perpetrating a long con on the American public. He also argues that the government hasn't done anything to stop this, but rather has bowed to powerful lobbyist groups and allowed the problem to compound itself.  Mr. Taibbi opines that we are no longer a nation that makes things and has economic growth through production, but one that, through all the back door dealings, has made our economy one that looks at growth through selling off of financial assets.  Much of the information and subjects in the book can be dry and uninteresting to many, but Mr. Taibbi has such a sharp wit and acerbically funny tongue that you'll find your laughing out loud at things that should be scaring the pants off of you.
2565 Here, My Dear is the only album in history that was released by court orders as part of a divorce settlement.  When Marvin Gaye and his wife Anna divorced in 1977, it was decreed that Mr. Gaye would release an album with all the profits going to Ms. Gaye as a settlement payment.  Even though Mr. Gaye had found another lover, had two children out of wedlock with her, he was deeply wounded by his divorce.  The album is an open account of their marriage and divorce.  Mr. Gaye exposes everything and he sings directly to Anna.  The songs have a funky vibe to them and Mr. Gaye experiments with new sounds and grooves.  "A Funky Space Reincarnation" is by far the weirdest and most out there song he's every done.  It has a heavy funk beat with futuristic lyrics about what marriage would be like in the future.  The best song on the album is the one that best sums up his situation, "When Did You Stop Loving Me, When Did I Stop Loving You".  The song is spoken/sung and Mr. Gaye pours his heart out over a silky smooth groove.  The album upon it's release was slammed by critics, but over time, views have changed and Here, My Dear is often viewed as a master work by a master artist.
2566 "The Captain" is a fun little ditty from Leonard Cohen.  The song sounds like an old sea shanty. It has a jaunty piano and lively fiddle to give the song a big boost over Mr. Cohen's somewhat monotone vocals.
2567 R.E.M. followed up their critically lauded debut album with another great album, Reckoning.  Like its predecessor, Reckoning is full of jangling guitar riffs and indicipherial lyrics.  Despite the murky vocals, the band has always had a great sense of melody and the album is full of beautiful melodies.  "So. Central Rain" has a haunting sound that conveys the apologetic tone of the song.  "Harborcoat" has a mysterious quality and "Letter Never Sent" speaks of lost chances.  "Pretty Persuasion" is a tremendous song and "Time After Time (Annelise)" is one their most underrated songs.  The band didn't suffer from any sophomore slumps on this album.
2568 McCartney II finds Paul McCartney losing Wings and heading back to style of recording he did on his first solo album.  Instead of the down home, easy stylings of the first record, McCartney II finds him experimenting with the new wave, electronic sounds of the time.  The album is heavily drenched with keyboards and while it doesn't always work, the spirit of the attempt is true.  "Coming Up" is an excellent, funky song that in a live version would be his first number one song of the 80's.  There are two instrumentals, "Frozen Jap" and Front Parlour" aren't too impressive.  "Waterfalls" is a good ballad as is "One Of These Days".  Two of the bonus tracks, "Goodnight Tonight" and "Secret Friend" are interesting.  The former is his take on disco music and it has one of his catchiest hooks while the latter is a 10 minute spaced out number that ranks as one of the most experimental things he's ever done.
2569 Hunter S. Thompson became a self-described political junkie from his days on the 1972 Presidential campaign trail.  Unabashedly throwing his support behind Democratic candidate George McGovern, Dr. Thompson takes on a dizzying journey from hotel room to hotel room across the country lauding his man McGovern and railing against his enemy Richard Nixon.  The book provides as much detail about Mr. Thompson's activities as they do the campaigns themselves, but hell, Dr. Thompson is alot more interesting.  One of the most poignant moments is when Dr. Thompson rides in a limo with his enemy Nixon and they discuss football, which is a passion of both men.  Dr. Thompson actually sees some humanity in Nixon and breaks down the facade that Nixon and most politicians erect.  He shows a human side to a man who is often looked upon as inhuman.  Dr. Thompson still despises him and his views, but by peeling away a layer, he can expose things that lay beneath the surface.  For people like myself who were too young to experience this campaign and the times, Fear & Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72 is a brilliant and amazing ride through the times.
2570 After the success of Escape, Journey followed it up with Frontiers which follows the same blueprint, a mix of hard rockers, power ballads and mid-tempo songs.  While it has some good work, the overall album doesn't match Escape's creativity and power.  "Separate Ways" starts off the album on a high note with its pumping synths and searing Neal Schon solo.  "After The Fall" is an underrated song and contains a fine Steve Perry vocal.  "Faithfully" tries to match "Open Arms" but it doesn't come close.  Some other good songs include "Chain Reaction", the title track and "Edge Of The Blade", but rest including the insipid "Send Her My Love" isn't very good.
2571 Raised On Radio is the most underrated album in the Journey catalog.  Before its release, one of the band's founders, bassist Ross Vallory, left the band as did drummer Steve Smith.  The band replaced them with for the most bassist session bassist supreme Randy Jackson and various drummers.  The remaining trio of Steve Perry, Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain rose to the occasion and came up with their most cohesive and best album in their careers next to the stellar Escape.  Steve Perry has never been in finer voice and he shines on songs like "Girl Can't Help It", "Be Good To Yourself", the title track, "The Eyes Of A Woman" and "Happy To Give".  "Positive Touch" is a tremendous song, but the standout track is "Suzanne" which incorporates all of the best that the band has to offer.  This was the band's last stand as after its 1986 release and their Greatest hits album from a couple years after, the band faded away before they rose from the ashes with their late 90's release Trial By Fire.
2572 Dave Marsh's Original Book of Rock Lists is great resource guide for any music fan.  From complete chapters on Elvis & The Beatles to list the top 40 songs and albums for every year from 1956 to 1980, you get fun lists of well-remember to almost forgotten songs.
2573 Food has always been a big of the show and The Modern Family Cookbook nicely weaves food that were part of episodes into a fun and light hearted book.  Each recipe includes quotes from the episode that it was a part of as well as pictures. Things like Skip Woosnom's wedge salad, Manny's French toast sticks and Sloppy Jay's are all here plus some non recipe related items like Manny's guide to the French press coffee maker.  The recipes are all very easy to do as most of the dishes are simple fare like pancakes, egg dishes, finger food and smoothies.  If you are a fan of the show, you'll have fun recreating the food from some of your favorite episodes.
2574 Former Rolling Stone writer, Bruce Springsteen biographer and Book of Rock Lists author Dave Marsh has come up with another book that make for good arguments.  He lists what he considers the 1001 greatest singles of all-time with Marvin Gaye's "I Heard It Through The Grapevine" topping the list. The songs tend to skew towards music of the 50 & 60's (the book was originally published in the late 80's, so that's why nothing from the 90's appears), but that's Mr. Marsh's era.  I don't agree with alot of his rankings (Van Halen's "Jump" ranks ahead of anything by The Beatles who probably are the greatest singles band of all-time is a major blunder), but that's the exact point of the book.  We all have our opinions on what is great and Mr. Marsh is simply expressing his.
2575 Caleb Carr brings back Dr. Laszlo Kreizler, John Schuyler Moore, Sara Howard and the rest of the gang on this intriguing sequel to The Alienist.  Again, the group must find a killer, again reconstructing the case through psychological sketches.  The difference is that they discover the killer is a woman, Libby Hatch.  The book again incorporates real life characters including the famed lawyer Clarence Darrow and the woman rights activist Elizabeth Cady Staton.  The book also moves out of New York city into the upstate town of Saratoga.  As with the first book, Mr. Carr's description of turn of the century Saratoga is vivid.  One change from The Alienist is that the book is not told from the perspective of Moore, but of the young hood, Stevie Taggart.  Mr. Carr has again crafted another intriguing, interesting and excellent book.
2576 The Partridge Family's Sound Magazine is a perfect example of fun music.  There aren't any messages here, no thinking required, just good,  well-crafted pop songs.  The album didn't have any top ten singles like  their first two, but overall the quality of music is probably their peak.  "I Woke Up In Love This Morning", "I'm On My Way Back  Home", "Brown Eyes" and "Rainmaker" contain some  of David Cassidy's best singing.  One song that should have been released  as a single is "Summer Days".  It opens with a lone harpsicord  and then seiges into a stirring horn & string section.  Although this  wasn't a hit, iI think it's the best song in their catalog.  The Partridge  Family's music is like ice cream, a guilty pleasure.
2577 This Joss Stone single is valuable for the live version of James Brown's "It's A Man's Man's Man's World".  Ms. Stone gives an impassioned and power reading of this outstanding track.  Her vocals are powerful and she shows that she can command the stage as well as the studio.  Surprisingly, "Super Duper Love" was picked as a single as it is one of the weaker tracks on the album.
2578 Fred Bronson's Book of Number One Hits gives the stories behind every song to hit number one on the Billboard charts.  Many of the entries are quite interesting and you learn things about artists that you didn't known.  It is more interesting to read about the obscurer artists than the bigger acts like The Beatles, Elvis Presley and The Rolling Stones as their stories have been well documented in other places.  Still the book offers alot of information and is an enjoyable read.
2579 Pirate Radio is a sprawling four disk box set (with a DVD also included) that has all the major hits plus rarities, demos and oddities expected from such a release.  The music on the first two disks is classic stuff but the set wavers in the last two disks because it pays equal attention to all aspects of the band's career.  That's not to say it is bad music, it pales to the band's glory days from 1979-1984.  But the 1990's version of the band, which is still good, gets equal representation as the band's first two lineups which were among the greatest groups of the late 70's and mid 80's.  The DVD contains live television performances and seeing the original lineup perform classics like "Tattooed Love Boys" and "Stop Your Sobbing" is well worth the viewing.
2580 Needed some 3-pound weights for a dance-sculpt class.  Ordered these based on the other positive reviews here.  Agree with the other reviewers.  They feel good, look good.  Someone mentioned a "seam", but didn't notice anything uncomfortable.  Love the color.  Will get a lot of use out of these hand weights.  Very satisfied with them.
2581 One of the best scenes in this mystery novel is when Max Wolfe, the detective has to decide in a few seconds if a young man is a terrorist or just a student with the ubiquitous rucksack - backpack to U.S. readers.  That sets the tone for the book and makes you like Wolfe.  Wolfe's relationship as a devoted single father, and dog-owner, also tells you he's a good guy.  Wolfe switches from terrorism cases to plain old murder and the first murder is a doozy.  Then there's another murder with the MO of the first, and soon Wolfe and his team think there's a serial murder killing often.  Although the murder victims seem disparate, Wolfe discerns a pattern and connection which reaches into the past.  What he needs to find is motive for the blood baths to identify the killer.  Although there were a couple of implausible, to me, events having to do with a glass eye and a character who suddenly emerges, the pace and plot is so strong, I didn't mind.  I'm going to recommend this series to our library mystery group as a selection.  Hope the author writes more than a trilogy here.  The series is that good and has much potential.
2582 If you like to eat tasty chips that are made with healthy ingredients, you may want to try these chips. Ingredients include brown rice, flax, sesame and sunflower seeds and quinoa. The oils used are sunflower, safflower and or canola oil. They are flavored lightly with sea salt.  They have a distinctive nutty-sesame flavor and are light. Tasty to eat alone or dipped in guacamole. One serving - about 10 chips - is 140 calories. They provide about 8% of your daily fiber needs. There's not a lot of nutrition in them, but neither is there any harmful aspects to them. Low in sugar and sodium, and zero cholesterol. Only 10% of your fat allowance and no transfats.  They are a fairly non-guilty snacking pleasure and they are light and delicous.  Like to dip them in guacamole or tasty plain.
2583 This is a great basic pen. This pen writes for 4,300 feet the company says. It does seem to last a long time. It writes smoothly, has a rubber texture in black and white stripes near the top of the pen for easy gripping, doesn't leak ink and is just plain reliable. Love to buy a pack of these to keep around the house and in my briefcase and purse.
2584 Fabulous melody and lyrics.  Josh's voice is pure and warm in this song.  Lovely.
2585 Both of my sons loved trains.  Bought this for them and my pre-school class who enjoyed seeing the vivid colors and colorful pictures.  Great way to learn colors.
2586 This story highlights the fun activities around the holidays: baking cookies, making presents, decorating a tree, and cutting out snowflakes.  Poor Llama, the holiday drama is beginning to wear him out!  But Mama Llama comes to the rescue and reminds him that the holidays are about being together and enjoying a holiday hug.  If you like the Llama series, this features another story line in their life concerning the holidays.  Children love the holidays, so will enjoy this book.
2587 If you are looking for a healthy snack, and like the taste of peanut butter, try these peanut-hemp bars. They have a smoother, finer texture than most bars and a peanutty-chocolate flavor. Nothing too intense. More smooth and creamy.  Ingredients are healthy and include: roasted peanuts, hemp, pea crisps, rolled oats, buckwheat and millet along with cane syrup, tapioca syrup, peanut flour, chia seeds. hemp seeds, pea crisps, dates, almonds, salt, vanilla extract and rosemary extract. They are 200 calories with 100 calories from fat. They are low in sodium at 5% your recommended allowance and fairly low in sugar at 8g. It's recommended you only have 50 added grams of sugar a day maximum, so 8g isn't too bad. Protein is 8g or 10% of your Daily Values. Fiber is 4g or 17% DV.  I think I prefer Kashi's chocolate-almond-sea salt bars better as they are only 140 calories. I'm trying to lose 10-20 pounds. Have a son's wedding to go to in 10 months. 60 extra calories a day is an added 6 pounds a year approximately, 100 calories a day is 10 pounds a year, 200 calories a day is 20 pounds a year. It's not easy for me to take off 6 pounds or 10 pounds, so I think I'll stick with the other bars. But these are good for those interested in plant protein.
2588 If you like chocolate combined with nuts, Mr. Goodbar serves it up. Like this as a bar and also like the miniatures wrapped individually so you're not as tempted to eat more.  There's 42 calories in one miniature bar, 4g of sugar and 3g of fat. You're allowed to have 50g of added sugar per day, so 4g is very reasonable. A nutritionist said try to stay under 7-8g of sugar in cereal, for example. So, if you can eat a small amount a day, it's a fairly non-guilty treat.
2589 If you enjoy the subtle flavor of pomegranate, you should enjoy it in this no-calorie seltzer beverage.  Now that we know that sodas and pop are unhealthy and lead to higher heart problems, it's great to find a healthy alternative. I have switched to seltzers as they have the fizz of diet pepsi and diet coke, with no calories and are actually healthy.  I also use this seltzer when I make fruit smoothies and combine about a cup with a cup of frozen fruit, a banana and 1/2 cup lowfat plain yogurt.  It makes about a 200 calorie breakfast or snack treat.  Love to try the different flavored seltzers and particularly enjoyed this one.
2590 If you are a fan of British police procedurals, GEORGE GENTLY is a quality entry into the genre and has its own particular flavor and charm.  Working in the north of England in the early 1960's Gently uses his native wit and experience to solve crimes with the help of his young assistant Bacchus.  Bacchus seems quite flawed, a bit of a twit, really and annoying.  But George Gently is fairly gentle and rather patient with him, so we will have to be also.  They both seem like real people, not actors playing a role.  Gently is classy, courtly almost, and dominates every scene he is in. Love his voice and facial expressions.  He deals skilfully, intuitively and intelligently with witnesses, victims and possible suspects.  He is not afraid to buck his superiors but only when necessary.  While the series is set in the 1960's, it has a contemporary feel.  The plots are more important than the time setting.  The series should grow on you as you become more enamored with its characters and scenery.  Bacchus will have to grow a bit more, to my sense, not to irritate but he livens up the show with his antics and immaturity.  It will be interesting to watch his development.  Hope they keep producing this show for a long time.
2591 If you like black and white faces of animals, this book offers it.  The faces are sweet.  This book is a board book. It's 10 pages long and has no words.  Best for infants through age 2 or 3.
2592 If you're looking for an abundance of easy, inexpensive and attractive decorating ideas to freshen up your home, this is a fantastic book to inspire you.  It features primarily cottage, country, farmhouse, historical, DIY, and eclectic home and apartment interiors, but the ideas can be applied to contemporary, traditional, modern, and almost any style as well.  Organized by rooms, beginning with entries and hallways, it takes you through every room in the house including offices, kids' bedrooms, laundry rooms and porches and even has tips on seasonal decorating!  There's plentiful ideas and tips with pictures of charming & attractive rooms to illustrate the tip in an actual room.  I team-teach a decor class on Decorating for Less or Budget Decorating and we use ideas from this book extensively.  Now that the magazines COTTAGE LIVING, COUNTRY HOME, SOUTHERN ACCENTS AND DOMINO are not longer being printed, there's a dearth of outlets of ideas and images of rooms for those of us who love these kind of comfortable, classic, informal, eclectic, winsome, pretty, timeless, recycle/refurbish green-friendly styles which don't get dated and will always be in style. It is not a how-to step-by-step project book, although you can make some of the items in the rooms yourself.  This is an affordable and fabulous file of pictures of 500 diverse rooms and ideas to inspire you to make your home even more beguiling, personal and attractive to you.
2593 Our library mystery book discussion loved this page-turner.  It's hard to please all of us, but this book managed to do so.  Participants enjoyed the curmudgeonly, cranky Rebus and the unique plot in which one serial killer tries to help the police catch a younger version of himself.  The plot is original, the writing is crisp, the action engaging and Rebus is the kind of detective you would like to meet at the pub and swap stories.  Scotland is a colorful backdrop for all of the action.
2594 Who would want to babysit Froggy?  Froggy is rude, messy and selfish.  However, he is entertaining.  In this story Froggy smooshes his clay dinosaur into the carpet and doesn't clean it up.  He makes a mess making French Toast with sugar coated flies and doesn't clean it up.  He listens in on his babysitter's call to her boyfriend.  Babysitters shouldn't be calling boyfriends.  Froggy does make a suds beard and suds hair on his little sister when in the bathtub.  Is anyone surprised when Froggy's parents come home from celebrating their anniversary weekend, and the babysitter says she is moving far away?  Funny book, but be prepared for some bad behavior on Froggy's part.  Tell your child you'll read Froggy books together as long as they don't act like Froggy.
2595 A family member brought Kirkland honey home to try, and it's delicious. It's quite flavorful and unique. One serving size is one tablespoon which is 60 calories. No fat, no sodium, 16g natural sugar. Ingredients: only honey. Love it on a peanut butter sandwich.  Kirkland also offers this as an organic honey which we buy when we can.
2596 We used this ketchup in the restaurant I worked in. However, if you check out the ingredients, there is HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP in this ketchup. HFCS is NOT healthy for you. Heinz makes an organic ketchup WITHOUT high fructose corn syrup. Am switching to that ketchup. Amazon carries the organic non-HFCS Heinz ketchup if you are interested.  If you google HFCS, you will read about the health issues behind eating HFCS. Am surprised Heinz uses it in their popular ketchups.  Ingredients: Tomato Concentrate From Red Ripe Tomatoes, Distilled Vinegar, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Corn Syrup, Salt, Spice, Onion Powder, Natural Flavoring  Check out Heinz Organic Ketchup if you want to avoid the High Fructose Corn Syrup. It has only 4g of sugar per serving which is low. It is recommended that you don't go over 50g of added sugar a day by the World Health Organization, so 4g is acceptable.
2597 This is my favorite fiction read of 2016.  The writing is sublime.  Count Rostov is a delightful and witty companion throughout the 480 pages. His thoughts and spoken words charm. I couldn't wait to read what he would say and think next. He would be the dinner guest you would like to sit next to.  The author creates scenes and vignettes of life inside a Moscow hotel with colorful characters from chefs, to a young girl guest, to Bolsheviks.  Of course, you are somewhat aware of the horrors occurring outside the hotel, but it's a haven for Count Rostov and most of its occupants who remain within its walls. There's life, gaiety, humor and style.  It's difficult to describe how this book enchants.  It casts a spell over you.  I recommended it to our library BOOKS & BREAKFAST group, and to our fiction library book group.  I am looking forward to reading it again - it's that good.
2598 If your child likes Christmas and trains, this is a gorgeous picture book including those elements.  I bought this book for my sons when they were little and for my nursery and kindergarten classroom.  It is a classic and a perfect Christmas gift.  The illustrations are luminous.
2599 This hat is great if you're staying still for the most part.  It may not be ideal if you're working.  My husband wore it while cutting up a tree and it slid up he said.  If you move around a lot, it may move up on you.  However, it will be great to put on to go out to the wood shed and bring in some wood on a cold, icy or snowy morning.  It feels really warm - in a good way - on the inside.  Nice and soft.  So, we will add it to our collection of hats to grab and throw on.  It fit my husband - who has a big head - and me.  It was snug on my husband with his big head.  We like it for short outings out to get wood, walk the dog etc.  But if you're going to be working a lot and bending down, moving your head, you may want another style hat.  We don't hunt so can't speak to use for that.  But we like having an assortment of hats to throw on for trips outdoors.  This looks great - realistic with the leaves and bark.
2600 Martha Beck has changed my life.  She is one of my favorite life philosophers and designers.  In this recipe book for joy, Martha outlines ways for creating joy, finding joy, experiencing joy into 10 steps.  A sampling of some of the ideas in this book which I found especially helpful - you'll have fun finding your own:  *TRUTH ~ Make a resolution to not lie (speak the truth) for a year - Martha said her life exploded when she did this.  It sounds very freeing.  *DESIRE ~ Each day identify, articulate and explore at least one of your heart's desires  *CREATIVITY ~ Every day conceptualize and write down at least one new concrete idea that will help you obtain something your heart desires.  TREATS ~ Every day give yourself at least three really good treats; one for every risk you take and two just because you're you.  No exceptions. No excuses.  PLAY ~ All joy dieters should take fun very, very seriously.  Realize that almost every sphere of human activity can be seen as a game.  If you are wanting to bring more joy into your life, this little joy manual is wise, funny and practical.  You will find steps and actions to try - or think of your own based upon this book.  It can change your life. I've read the book several times and realized in writing this review, I want to read it again.
2601 Underwater animals star in this book written by a biology aficionado.  Squid Kid is a squid magician.  He and his sister are trying to outdo each other with magic tricks.  There's lots of that black squid ink involved and a cuttle fish who changes colors.  The illustrations have some dazzle and there are even pages that fold open to ta-da!  A magic trick.  I got a little lost with the plot towards the end, so you may have to explain what happens. But the characters and illustrations are so engaging, your child will be entertained.
2602 Our library mystery book club liked this book. It's a great book for discussion because of the psychological aspects and identity switch. There's lots to discuss. About 1/4 of the members who weren't as crazy about the book just couldn't buy into the premise of the detective being a double for the victim, but if you can suspend your disbelief, you'll enjoy the ingenious plot and suspense. I recommended it to the group because I'd read the author's first book and enjoyed the literary quality of the writing--liked the plot of this second book even better. The group enjoyed the atmospheric setting of an old home in Ireland. The only other critique I heard is that the book is a trifle long, although everyone of our 20 participants finished it. If your book group is looking for a well-written mystery, this is a contender and should promote some thoughtful discussion.  Am looking for her new mystery coming out Summer 2012!
2603 This is a great read-aloud for children who want to read, or are learning to read.  Not only parents, but librarians and teachers would find this an appealing book for young children in preschool-kindergarten and first grade.  Imagine cats learning to read.  Nick has two cats: Verne and Stevenson.  These cats love to ride in the baskets in Nick's bike, sleep outdoor in Nick's camping tent, and watch Nick splash in his kiddie pool.  But when Nick sits down with a book, the cats stretch out on the pages wanting to be petted so they can purr or ignore Nick.  Nick gets an idea.  Maybe he can teach his cats to read!  He wrote some easy words on flash cards.  Verne was interested, but Stevenson - the gray cat - could care less.  Stevenson liked art.  Verne took to reading and even got his own library card.  Stevenson preferred to draw pirate drawings.  Nick got a bunch of pirate books from the library and suddenly Stevenson wanted to learn to read.  They played lots of pirate games.  Hmmm...maybe Nick could teach his cats to talk.  That's for another book.  The illustrations are softly colorful as evidenced by the cover and have a sweetness and liveliness to them.  This is a fun story, suitable for lots of occasions.
2604 This is an entertaining read-aloud for a class.  My students (ages 4-5) always enjoyed this story.  It has universal appeal.  Very endearing tale.  Great for a story-starter to talk about what would you do if you found a magic pebble.
2605 As a former preschool, kindergarten and first grade teacher, I love this book.  It serves at least two purposes - it's a counting book in which the objects are fun to count.  They are in color and everything else is black and white illustration so they stand out.  And they are unusual objects.  Not your usual animals and toys; how about taxis, or fire hydrants, or hot dogs?  It also offers a fun exercise for a child to spot the dragon on each page.  The dragon melds in with the complex illustration so you have to look.  Kids love to play that game.  This may be my favorite picture book of 2014.  It offers learning in a fun context.  What an imaginative and original book.  Love the package delivery page in the skyscraper.  You could do a class art project where a child draws and colors a number of the same thing (balloons etc.) and draws a picture around it.  And then the students have to count how many of that object they drew in that illustration.  Or use colored construction paper cutouts of an object and paste them down and draw a scene around it.
2606 This is an enjoyable book to listen to.  Listening to Ove's mind-chatter will make you laugh, as you learn about his world view which is decidedly not the norm.  He has an opinion on about everything.  This would make a good summer read or book to walk to which I like to do with books like these.
2607 The company describes this: "smooth blend of medium-roasted Colombian and Central American beans is kicked up a bit with zesty, dark-roasted French Roast. EyeOpener Blend can be enjoyed by those who are looking for a bit more flavor, but don't enjoy a very dark-roasted coffee."  I mix it with their French Vanilla or Hazlenut to make an iced coffee mocha in the morning.  I use one cup of cold coffee, 1 and 1/2 cups almond milk, 1/2 cup lowfat milk, tsp. dark cocoa, 2 packets of stevia and ice in the blender.  Absolutely deliciousf or about 150 calories and it makes 3 cups of the drink.  Great way to start the morning or for a snack later in the afternoon or after dinner.  The company says this is good for iced coffee as the flavor doesn't get diluted by the ice.  I'm enjoying it mixed with the flavored coffees.
2608 The same four words of the title are repeated with different illustrations.  Sometimes the bear is really orange, for example.  It's a clever idea, but I prefer either more of a plot or more vocabulary.  But that's a personal preference.  The illustrations are cute.
2609 Someone is sucking the jam out of Sam's donuts.  Sam sets a trap using his laundry basket and traps two cute jampires.  Sam goes to the Jampires' world.  What does Sam see?  An enormous jar of jam, mountains of blueberry pie, sherbet snow, ice cream moon, and sponge cake castles.  Yum - this is a fun story with not a lot of plot, but children who like jam-filled donuts and jampire creatures will enjoy it.
2610 If you're looking for a plot-driven thriller with unlikable characters and unreliable narrators, this is a fun diversion.  The characters are tiresome but are supposed to be. You read to figure which of them did the dastardly deed. It's a bit dark.  Can be a page-turner as you want to know who did what and why.  Can see why it's popular.  It's a good beach read.  Our library mystery group is reading this book this month.  Will report back. 3.5 stars
2611 If you like a fast-paced tale, this author delivers.  Our mystery discussion book group read and discussed this book online here at Amazon which is always a hoot--readers were from Australia, Canada, California, New England, the Midwest and the South.  We agreed this was an exciting story with twists and turns. One member described the author as an "efficient and effective" storyteller.  Be warned--the story gets graphic in its descriptions of sex and murder. I prefer less lurid fare, personally, and skimmed over those parts. I still enjoyed the book for discussion purposes and believe the author is talented.  Most of the group gave the book 4-4.5 stars.  One--a newspaper editor--thought it could have been shortened a tad.  But most in the group are planning to read, or already reading, more books by this author which is a strong recommendation.
2612 Our library nonfiction book group read this book and loved it.  It IS a long book, so we read and discussed it over two months.  Participants loved the social history surrounding the bridge, the history, people and tangential issues.  There are so many fascinating details regarding this bridge.  Some which comes to mind to me:  * a woman who saw the day the bridge was open and the moon landing thought the Brooklyn Bridge opening was more exciting  * Washington Roebling seeing Lincoln and the curious incident which unfolded  * Washington Roebling's wife who was involved in the bridge and later got a law degree from NYU when women in that era usually stayed at home  * Brooklyn was the 3rd largest city in the U.S. at the time  My son just moved to Brooklyn so I was interested in the history of that area during that time period.  I have yet to walk across the bridge and hope to do so this summer.  This was a very popular book for our group which prompted lively discussion of many facets regarding construction, the people, the politicians, the times, Manhattan and Brooklyn.  We would have liked more photos and drawings of the bridge.  We were fascinated by the introduction in which the author describes going to RPI and unearthing the boxes of materials on the bridge the Roeblings had left to the University which were disorganized and stored in a room all mixed together.  It was like a treasure hunt!  Fascinating!
2613 An amusing film which sets up a scenario that a man can suddenly hear what women are thinking.  Nick (Mel Gibson) used to be a rather insensitive arrogant man, confident of his abilities and allure to women.  His world changes.  Along with it he is given the power to know what women are thinking.  Suddenly, he sees the world from a woman's perspective.  Quite amusing.  Found this to be an entertaining, if not perfect, film that is great when you want something light.
2614 Lyrics are wonderful.  Melody is lyrical.  Tones are soft and impassioned.  Another wonderful song for Lara's voice. 4.5 stars
2615 If you don't have your computer/iPad etc. handy and need to look up a word, this small-sized dictionary is perfect. With over 70,000 entries, it is very comprehensive.  When I took the PRINCETON REVIEW SAT Test instructors class, they asked me to get the American Heritage dictionary.  I keep this near my stack of books by my reading chair by the fireplace and when I stumble upon a new word, it's easy to grab this dictionary to look the word up.  Its small size fits neatly on the side table among the stack of books.  Very handy and complete dictionary.  Would fit well in a backpack if you're on the go.
2616 This is a fun mind-puzzle.  Miss Marple and friends including a head of Scotland Yard are sitting together discussing unsolved mysteries.  The Scotland Yard fellow poses one he couldn't solve.  There are four suspects for the death of an old gentleman.  He tells the details over dinner and asks for Miss Marple's help as 3 innocents are under a cloud of suspicion.  Of course, it reminds Miss Marple of something which happened in her village and she solves the mystery.  It's rather ingenious.  Really liked this plot.
2617 Saving old letters found in old books is a sentimental pastime for Roberta, a 34-year-old bibliophile, who works in the Old & New Bookshop in England.  Imagine her curiosity when she finds a letter in some old books in her grandmother's old tartan-lined, lavender-scented suitcase, and the letter is addressed to a Dorothea by her grandfather Jan.  Even more curious, the letter is written AFTER the presumed death date of her grandfather, a Polish pilot in WWII, and it references a secret.  This novel ventures back and forth between her grandmother Dorothy's story in wartime England, and Roberta's more placid tale as a single woman with a quiet job, and a quiet life, working in a bookstore.  Amazingly, Grandmother Dorothy, now a centenarian, is still alive but her memory of the past is either painful or hazy or both.  Will Roberta be able to divine the mystery surrounding her grandmother Dorothy, the mystery woman Dorothea, and her grandfather, the Polish Pilot?  How will the truth affect Roberta's life?  What really happened to that charming WWII pilot?  These questions keep you reading.  Although this is a first book, it is written with an aplomb and sensitivity which draws you into these two lives, and you care about them. Grandmother Dorothy had more of a hold on me than Roberta, but Roberta was a refreshing juxtaposition who kept the story from straying into something too sweetly sentimental.  If you, and/or your book group, enjoy a tale of two independent women with an historical backdrop, this book may be a five-star read for you.  The author should keep writing books as she tells a good story and writes with grace.  Five stars for a debut book.
2618 If you are thinking about getting a pet from the shelter as a family, you will enjoy this book.  Froggy decides he wants a doggy.  His mom thinks she wants an alligator, but when she sees a doggy with chocolate brown eyes, she melts.  A dog it is.  Froggy wants to name it doggy - it rhymes with his name!  He tries to teach the doggy tricks.  The doggy likes to sleep in his bed  Froggy is a good pet owner to Doggy.  You may want to go to a pet shelter after reading this book.
2619 The lonely mailman writes a lot of letters, but he never gets any.  It seems that the lonely mailman is writing letters to the other animals in the forest from other animals but the animals don't realize that he's the author of the kind letters which they are receiving.  The turtle offers to the butterflies that they can rest on his shell in the sunshine, and if it rains they can come into the turtle's shell for a cup of tea. Hedgehog apologizes to squirrel for pricking him by accident.  One page seems backwards because the woodpecker promises not to peck near the dormouse's nest BEFORE the dormouse complains about it.  But maybe it was meant that way.  The animals suddenly discover who is writing the letters, so they write a letter to the lonely mailman.  And show up at his house.  This book was just okay for me.  I like the idea of the mailman being so kind.  If the illustrator asked my opinion, I would have said some of the pages seemed too red to me.  Like the idea of the book, but the execution could have been better.  3.5 stars
2620 Inspector Jack Frost helped me lose 30 pounds.  How?  Discovered it's easy to stay on the treadmill for an hour or more watching Frost and his delightful antics. This is an amusing British mystery set in Yorkshire.  I laugh often at the Frost's comments--somehow the humor keeps the crime from never seeming too grim. It's a vehicle to watch Frost do his thing and see how he solves the crime through joking. Frost is a kick to watch and listen to, which maximizes the entertainment value.  An hour on the treadmill can whiz by when Frost is on the telly--you don't even feel like you're exercising.  Love this series and the characters.
2621 Someone served these at our library book group meeting, and were they light and tasty.  If you just want a taste of something sweet, these drop right into your mouth.  They are several layers of wafers with a little vanilla frosting in between.  It's not a big quantity like a cookie, if you are watching your weight.  They are fun.  I looked them up nutrition and calorie wise and you want to not eat a lot of them at one time.  Nine of them are 170 calories and high in saturated fat with 35% saturated fat allowance.  Each one of them is one gram of sugar.  They offer no real nutrition, but you aren't eating these for nutrition one presumes.
2622 With the star power of Colin Firth, Kristen Scott Thomas and a Noel Coward play, I had supremely high expectations for this inter-war period piece.  Firth doesn't play the dapper lad in this film, he plays the father.  Jessica Biel is his daughter-in-law and Kristen Scott Thomas is the dragon lady mother-in-law of Biel's character.  This is a bit of a British romp with serious undertones.  Liked the fashion and sets, but the film didn't quite live up to my expectations.  Still, anglophiles should enjoy it.
2623 The dogs enjoy carrying this and chewing on it.  Of course, you want to supervise your pet with all toys.
2624 Frank Underwood continues to be underhanded in this second season. He and Claire twist even a little more to be their twisted selves. So, why do we like them? Charm and smarts go a long way, plus they can be kind when it suits them. There are some surprises this season. Expect some folks to disappear, perhaps with a little help from Frank. Will Frank achieve his ultimate prize? And what happens if he does? Season 3 will answer some of those questions. In the meantime, enjoy all of the Machiavellian maneuvering and manipulation in season 2.
2625 What an amusing, original book.  Yes, you almost feel like colored crayons have personality - there's enigmatic silver, boring beige who is captured so humorously here.  Such fun to study the pictures.  This will become a classic and enjoyed for years to come.  Great job!  Amuses children and adults alike.  And it does have a satisfying ending.
2626 I own hundreds of interior design and decor books and if I could only keep 5 of them, this would be one of the top 5 interior decoration books.  Why?  It's thoroughly up-to-date with styles which will inspire and stretch you, while retaining some classic styles.  It's a great how-to book.  It shows you how to put rooms together with different elements.  The rooms are original and captivating.  It has a "little black book" at the end of places to buy the design elements in person or online with a review of each and its price scale.  It's just a fun, cheeky book that is well-designed and entertaining to look at and read. It continually surprises and enchants.  I use this book in a design course I teach and the class loves it. Even if you like traditional decor, this book will inspire you to keep it fresh by incorporating something surprising or unusual just so the room doesn't look like every other traditionally designed room.  I just wish Domino magazine hadn't gone out of business, and like Victoria magazine, will be revived when the recession is over and we're all buying back copies of domino magazine on Ebay....  Until then, at least we've got this domino book with which to comfort ourselves!
2627 This is a charming story of Nanette's first trip to the bakery alone where she buys a baguette from the baker Juliette for her family.  Even French frogs like baguettes, it appears!  The bakery is in the center of a French village with thatch and Mansard roofs, and even a striped awning for the bakery.  Charmante!  Baguettes are warm, baguettes are wonderful, baguettes are enticing!  So enticing is the warm and wonderful baguette, that Nanette gets from Juliette, that KRACK, Nanette forgets not to eat it. Will she remember to save some for Mama Frog?  Not yet.  Now Nanette begins to fret.  Will mom be upset?  Maybe she shouldn't go home, but move to Tibet.  This is a tale of forgiveness and hugs - ah, mother love.  What a wonderful, unconditional thing.  Mom has an idea for a reset, and soon understands for herself the temptation of a baguette.  KRACK.  Really, if you're going to read this story, you should have a baguette in the house for a multi-sensory experience. Or, read it when the bakery is open and you can take your own field trip to buy a baguette afterwards.  Then you won't have any regret!  This would be a fun story for a classroom or library read aloud, serve baguettes, and find France and Tibet on the map.  Color the French flag.  Play some Edith Piaf.  Teach children a few French words.  The word for frog is la grenouille.
2628 Love to make Toll House cookies with these semi-sweet chips. I use the recipe on the back. For kids, sometimes I add some M & M's with the chocolate chips as they look good. Also taste good with some chopped nuts. They are not too sweet for chocolate. Make a tasty, classic cookie.
2629 This book opens with a dead man's body appearing in someone else's bathtub, and another well-known financier is missing across town. Are the crimes connected?  Mystery aficionados speak of Dorothy Sayers with reverence. She's considered one of the "four queens of the Golden Age of mystery writing". This is a delicious sample of her writing, and the first book I read by her. After finishing this one, I quickly ordered another Sayers mystery Clouds of Witness via my kindle.  Sayers' brilliance (Oxford education) and lively wit infuses this book with charm. What I enjoyed was the social commentary by the characters--you can really get a sense of the esprit of the 1920's and inter-war years through reading a mystery like this by a writer who is from this period. There's no more witty and entertaining observer of contemporary society than Lord Peter Wimsey, the protagonist, who helps Scotland Yard solve this unusual crime. This book has a riveting crime, well-paced plot, charming and eccentric characters, delightful dialog and a London setting. What more can a devoted mystery reader want?  All that's needed is a comfortable armchair and a roaring fire to read by. I enjoyed WHOSE BODY so much I'm recommending to our Library monthly mystery book club that we read it as a selection.
2630 Vera's character grows on you.  She's outspoken, intuitive, motherly, lonely, pushy, compassionate - an interesting mix.  Occasionally she thinks uncharitable thoughts.  She gets annoyed at her staff.  This is a more plot-driven than character-driven book.  I think in the later books, there is more development of Vera's relationships with her staff which I like.  In this story, there are two possible related deaths.  You might be able to figure out the murderer at one point in the book, but there are several with motives.  Aside from Vera and her staff, there aren't too many likable characters in the story.  I didn't warm to this book as much as some of the others, but I always like Vera.  Being in her company is the real attraction.  An escape to England is always an enticement, too.  I hope the author keeps writing for this series.
2631 This has many features to love about it which appeal to me and which the company wants consumers to be aware of:  * scratch resistant  * rides smoothly - wheels turn easily in all directions with multi-directional mobility  * light weight - special plastic is durable but light  * roomy interior - fits a lot of clothes into its two compartments  * handle comes up easily  * worldwide limited 10 year warranty  * fully lined interior offers two full packing compartments  * main compartment expands maximizing space and packing flexibility  * top and side carry handles are comfortable when lifting a fully packed case  * bright color - makes it easy to spot on airline baggage rotation ~ this pink is my favorite color so love it.  * fully lined interior offers two full compartments with elastic straps and zippered divider with water-resistant and mesh pockets for toiletries and small accessories.  It reminds me of a trunk so will be great for a longer trip or even camp.  Yet, it's light.
2632 So far this is a great little 3 X 5 index holder.  It's tall enough so that the alphabet dividers fit in easily.  With some other file boxes made by a different manufacturer, reviewers said the clearance at the top of the inside roof wasn't high enough.  The sticker on the front comes off easily - with other file boxes some reviewers said the sticker didn't come off which is annoying.  But on this company's file box, it came off just great.  The file box opens and closes easily. It makes a little noise when it opens.  But that may go away. It's not a big deal.  It takes about 300 cards.  I bought thinner cards from Amazon Basics so it may take more.  I'm writing and filing French vocab words on the cards, and then can study them during breaks, commercials etc.  I draw a picture to help remember them and then file them away.  My case was a bright lime green.  I prefer the blue, but it's not that important.  It would be great to have a choice if I had one recommendation for the company.  Will report back if anything changes, but so far, am happy with this purchase.
2633 This is an amusing book about Alan's big scary teeth which scare the other animals in the jungle.  Until they find out that they are false teeth.  Then they laugh.  Poor Alan loses his teeth - actually a beaver took them.  So, Alan has to find another purpose in life besides being scary.  He develops some other talents, and gets his teeth back conditionally.  And Alan lets the beaver borrow his teeth occasionally.  Alan turns into a nice guy.  Children will appreciate the humor in this story.
2634 LOVE the illustrations in this book.  Pig and Pug are even cuter IN the book.  In this story, not a lot happens.  Pig and Pug are at odds with each other for most of the book.  Pug insults Pig by calling him a pudgy Pug.  They have a time out and then a time in and have a bit of a mud fight at the end and then become pals.  If your child would like that plot, they will like this book.  3.5 stars
2635 When a colorful clown child comes bouncing off a circus train where a lone farmer is working in a bleak brown and gray field, the farmer doesn't know what to do with this bouncy and happy clown child.  The farmer takes the clown child home where he feeds him and gives him his bed in which to sleep.  They play games and he teaches the clown to get eggs from the chickens, milk the cow and juggle the eggs.  They even have a picnic in the field where off in the distance they see the circus training coming over the horizon.  Clown child sees his clown family again who welcomes him joyfully back onto the train. The farmer returns to his home along - or wait, is he being followed?  This is a charming story which may remind you of the book The Snowman.  The only word in the book is "toot-toot-toot", so the story is conveyed by pictures.
2636 A librarian, whose opinion I trust, at our latest library BOOKS AND BREAKFAST meeting recommended this novel to us. She said she thinks she likes it better than THE IMPERFECTIONISTS, another great read on international journalism. I agree.  If you enjoy reading about Paris, reporters' lives and the morphing world of 21st century digital journalism with a slathering of dark humor, you should enjoy this novel. The crisp writing snaps, crackles and pops with intelligence and wit.  You feel that the author, a New York Times senior correspondent based in Paris (and nominated for the Pulitzer for his writing), is sharing the stories behind the stories dressed provocatively and entertainingly as a novel.  It is worth reading for the character of Joe Shelby alone, the crusty veteran journalist whom you love to hate or hate to love, but love him you do. You read to see what salacious Shelby will do next at THE PARIS STAR, an English-language newspaper in Paris. The narrator of this tale, Ed Clancy, is the perfect colleague and somewhat sensible foil to Shelby who seems to be able to sink to the most despicable behavior a situation offers, and thrive.  How will these two fare in the brave new world of Journalism? If you like a darkly ironic look at this world by an insider, you will be amused by this comedy of manners, or lack thereof, in book form.  This would be an original and humorous selection for a book group.
2637 The author's description of the volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity of our world is apt.  Then there are those black swan events few can predict.  So, how do you function effectively in such a world?  Hollingworth offers up some suggestions.  He says there are three skills we need to learn, three insights we need to have and three traits we need to possess to function more effectively in this VUCA world.  Some concepts I found stimulating in reading this book:  * we all need to be futurists  * design teams consciously - as PayPal did  * use appreciative inquiry instead of 360-feedback  * be aware of our risk attitude  * have more infinite models  * have a get better mindset  * learn to love randomness and uncertainty  The author describes the problem of VUCA very well, the solutions seemed a little nebulous to me, but perhaps that's the nature of solutions in VUCA.  I think I would have liked MORE examples of companies grasping opportunities in the VUCA environment, or examples how someone was practicing it in their approach to work and life more.  Maybe a sequel is in order as we're just at the beginning stages of this VUCA adventure.
2638 I bought this game for my son per his request.  He is a video game designer so only buys and plays the best for entertainment and to learn from.  He said he was disappointed in this game. His comments: Gun combat in this game was pretty underwhelming.  It's hard to use, difficult to control and not particularly entertaining.  He didn't finish the game - heard the second half was better.  Earlier games of Assassin's Creed were much better, he felt.
2639 I bought this book for my niece as she is a big PEPPA PIG fan.  Also got her a PEPPA PIG stuffed toy to accompany this story about bedtime for Peppa.  My niece and her parents watch PEPPA on television, and didn't know that PEPPA is in books, too!  So, this was a fun surprise fifth birthday present for my niece.  My brother says they will be re-reading this story many times.
2640 This has some wacky humor in it which will appeal to many children.  The story line is simple: a big blue van shows up on Howling Hill in the forest and perturbs the animals.  So, they put their heads together and think of ways to get it to move.  Maybe they could bury it?  The diggers get to work.  To get rid of it for good, the wise owls are consulted and they have a devastating plan that works.  But then the animals are surprised at the end.  Love the illustrations - they charm.  The story is cute - probably best for 6 - 8 year olds.  I'm not sure real little ones would understand the ending.
2641 This pen company asked me to review their pens. If you have arthritis or prefer fat pens which are hard to lose, you may want to consider these pens.  They have rubber where you hold them making them comfortable to hold.  The company designed them for arthritic hands.  I don't have arthritis, so don't know if they are more comfortable if you have that issue or not.  They feel a bit big for my small hands.  I prefer a regular ballpoint.  They don't write like a ballpoint as much as those fine point flair pens. Their end point is very fine, so you have to like those fine endpoints. To me, it feels like you're scratching on the paper. I prefer medium endpoints but that is subjective. These pens would be easy to find in your drawer.  You can use the attached string to attach them to something.  These would be good pens for a restaurant server as the customers are less apt to walk off with the pen thinking it's their pen after they sign the credit card receipt.  2.5 stars  (review sample provided)
2642 Ah, the joys of being naked.  You can eat cookies naked, take a bath naked (of course), slide down the stairs naked.  He imagines all of the fun things he can do naked  - go to school, swing, do the hokey pokey etc.  There's nothing better than being naked thinks the young boy in this story unless it is wearing a cape.  Caped or naked, caped or naked? Caped!  Of course, it's not fun to be naked when the weather starts getting cold.  This is a cute story kids and parents should enjoy reading together.  Of course, you hope it doesn't inspire naked behavior as in going outside naked.  But it will appear to kids humor.  The illustrations are fun and suit the story.  4.5 stars
2643 This book has two words in it.  The illustrations tell the story of a cow who takes a joy ride.  It should appeal to many young children's sense of humor.  And you can fit in a moral of don't be like the hapless cow who takes something which doesn't belong to her and it doesn't end particularly well for her.  Although it's clear the cow has a good time.
2644 I love Crocs.  They're a great substitute for slippers around the house and you can wear them outside.  Your feet stay cool and breathe.  They won't get sweaty like they do in sneakers/tennis shoes.  One warning: don't wear them on the treadmill.  I didn't find they gave me enough support there, but they are great for casual wear around the house or running errands.  They wear very well. I wear mine almost every day and have had them for 4 years.  Might try some other styles in the Crocs brand.
2645 These have a medium thickness.  I found them snug in the waist and hips - not that stretchy.  The pockets are ample but shallow.  I'm 5'3" and these were a bit long.  About an inch or two.  These are warm and comfortable.  I need to lose about 10 pounds to have these fit.
2646 Llama is going to his first overnight to Gram and Grandpa's house.  There's fun snacks to be had there, seeing the stars and even building a small chair for fuzzy Llama, his lovey.  Uh-oh, where IS Fuzzy Llama?  It's hard to go to sleep without Fuzzy.  Fortunately Gram and Grandpa have the perfect solution!  This is an absorbing book with colorful and heart-warming illustrations of Llama and his Mama and Gram and Grandpa.  It will make you want to have an overnight either at your Gram and Grandpa's house or with your grandchild.  After reading this book, it would be fun to draw a picture of your lovey like Fuzzy.
2647 This is one of our favorite brands and flavors of coffee at our house. Some family members like to drink it hot. I like to make iced mocha coffee out of it:  one cup cold coffee 2 cups low-fat milk 1/2 tsp cocoa stevia sweetener to taste 8 ice cubes  Blend in blender - delicious and only about 230 calories for 3 cups of a refreshing delicious drink.
2648 These are the best phonics materials on the market.  I have taught over a thousand children to read, and use these workbooks and readers.  This green workbook teaches consonant blends with long and short vowel words.  Students write the words and sentences.  These really reinforce the phonic blends.  Great job!
2649 If you like fashion, Vogue, Merryl Streep, Anne Hathaway, and New York, you will love their mix in this smart, fun movie. Is there anyone Merryl Streep can't play? She owns the role of the supposed Anna Wintour (who wore Prada when she and her daughter went to this move) and plays her as a cold, perfectionist witch. Hathaway goes from gawky to glam in a New York overnight after being eviscerated by Wintour aka Miranda Priestly.  Emily Blunt and Stan Tucci round out the brilliant acting ensemble, with Emily playing the unfortunate former assistant to Anna/Miranda and Stan playing the wise art director and fashion coach to Hathaway's character, Andy. I can watch this movie every year. If you think it would be fun to work in the fashion industry, this may make you change your mind.  I usually like a book better than the movie that brings it to life but, in this instance, this movie has the advantage of showing us all of that fabulous fashion and the glamorous backdrop of the fashion world.
2650 Queen Victoria and photography came of age about the same time.  Over 130 color images are featured in this book.  There are also black and white images of Queen Victoria, her contemporaries, her homes at the time, historical sites and more. Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle, Balmoral and Osborne are pictured.  You step back in time to see the first photo of Queen Victoria, posing with Albert, her nine children, in mourning and Albert in his death bed and Victoria in her death bed. Photos cover 60 years of her reign.  This book tells us that Queen Victoria bought 20,000 photos to decorate her homes or give as gifts. She used photos of herself during her reign to provide stability and solidarity.  Images of her as wife, mother, Queen and Empress were circulated during her reign. There are some photos within which have never been made available to the public and came from a collection at Windsor Castle.  With the new PBS Masterpiece Theater production coming to the U.S. January, 2017 on Queen Victoria, there should be a revival of interest in her life.  This book is a fascinating lens on one aspect of Queen Victoria and her world.  It did leave you wanting more, but is a wonderful visual survey of Victoria's passion for photography.
2651 This is a funny and very appealing counting book with a surprise ending.  Love it.  One pig is taking a bubble bath with his plastic duck when another pig joins him with his big beach ball.  Then more pigs come with their paraphernalia.  The bathtub sure is crowded, the bubbles are popping and water is overflowing.  Count 'em - ten pigs in a tub.  But wait!  Where are all of the pigs going?  Why did they leave the tub in a hurry?  There are zero pigs left, or is there?  This story has a very amusing ending which young children will enjoy.  One of my favorite children's books I've read this year for the preschool crowd.  It's a great way to learn number names.
2652 This book is life changing.  Dr. Covey found some life principles which work to create the kind of results which being lasting satisfaction and happiness plus accomplishment.  He teaches you the seven habits which create a productive, balanced life with time for your family and relationships, your health, even your spirituality.  I feel fortunate to have been able to hear Dr. Covey talk at seminars several times.  The habits in this book can benefit anyone.  The lessons it teaches are worth revisiting.  This is one of the best books on business and life I have read.  Dr. Covey left a real legacy when he wrote this book
2653 Original approach to introducing fractions!  And it's humorous to boot.  Piggy and Elephant are reading a book about the cookie fiasco written by a different author, and then you get to read the book which they are reading.  It's a book within a book.  After you read this book about splitting 3 cookies into 4 pieces each making 12 pieces for four animals, you could split up cookies at home.
2654 Nothing compares with real chips dipped in guacamole.  However, if you're having a hankering for chips and guacamole flavoring, these might satisfy.  They have a salty taste with a hint of avacado. They are corn chips with guacamole seasoning.  Ingredients include corn, vegetable oil: sunflower, canola, safflower and rice oil, milk, salt, maltodextrin, cheddar cheese, onion powder, garlic powder, avocado powder, sour cream, buttermilk powder, yeast extract, and some artificial colors, disodium phosphate and parsley granules.  Sodium is only 6% of daily limit recommended, and total fat is 11%.  12 chips is 140 calories.  There are healthier chips out there (popcorn chips), but these aren't too bad.  Nutritionists say stay away from foods which sound like chemistry experiments.  For an occasional treat or party, these can be a fun addition.
2655 1984 and the present run parallel in this story.  Charlie Resnick, the jazz-loving policeman, is policing in both narratives.  In 1984, Charlie is trying  to keep the violence associated with the miners' strike tamped down.  In the present, when a woman's body has been unearthed, Charlie has been called in to help investigate the events surrounding the death of the woman who has been missing since that time period.  Was her death connected to the miners' strike?  Charlie had met the victim, and knew many of the characters from that tempestuous time, so can be an asset to the investigation.  The author deftly transitions between time periods, capturing the feel of the times.  Of course, Charlie is his usual likable self.  Readers can relate to his depth, his love of jazz and his ethical principles.  This time he's working for Catherine,  whose family is originally from Kenya.  Charlie is comfortable taking orders from a woman, and they have an easy, respectful working relationship.  You like it when they are on the page together.  If both Michael Connelly and Marilyn Stasio laud a writer, as they have John Harvey, readers should pay attention.  This is a quality series I am going to recommend to our library mystery book group that we have as a monthly book club selection.  For readers who appreciate an intelligent and sympathetic detective, English setting, believable and engaging plots, realistic dialog, and subtle writing, this should be a 5-star read.
2656 I bought the paperback version which is small.  Consider paying more for the hardback which is larger, and may include more houses.  The text is wonderfully detailed about these great houses, and the images lovely by the well-know photographer.  25 Castles or Great Houses are featured.  Each building gets about 10 pages of text and images combined.  This is a fabulous book, and will be relished by those who love Scotland, its history and great homes.
2657 If you like the taste of white cheddar cheese and popcorn, consider trying these chips. Substitution is the name of the game when you're wanting to eat healthy and maintain or get to a healthy weight without depriving yourself a nutritionist taught me. Finding these chips was serendipity! You can have 20 chips for about 130 calories--about 6 calories per chip!--and they taste as good, if not better, than potato chips. They are air-popped. If popcorn could be made into a chip, this is the result. They have no trans fats, not that high in sodium (about 5% of daily allowance), no cholesterol, not high carb  with 2 g of protein and even a little iron. What's not to love? And 20 are very satisfying.  You can pack a bag in your purse or your child's lunch. As their bag says, they're the new shape of popcorn! I've lost 30 pounds over the last two years eating healthy and these chips are guilt-free.
2658 Note: you aren't supposed to use extra virgin olive oil with this pan.  You can use regular olive oil with it, so will be buying some of that.  You can use butter with this pan, and you may not need to use oil.  I made the most delicious omelet with it. It was light and didn't fall apart or stick to the sides which sometimes mine do with other pans.  It came out perfect - like the omelets you get in good restaurants.  It was a ham-spinach-cheese omelet.  I also made fried potatoes with this pan and they came out great, too.  So many pans I bought for frying which were supposed to be good pans - one by a chef on the Food Network and others bought from Costco so presumably good - eggs would stick to them so the omelets would rip, or scrambled eggs or ground turkey would be stuck to the bottom.  You waste a lot of food that way.  Then there's lots of scrubbing involved.  With this pan, the food just skidded out merrily.  So far, am very happy with it and am looking forward to cooking with it again.  When I put the oil in it kind of collected in the outward circle sides of it, but the omelet still cooked evenly and slid out fine so that wasn't a problem.  With my other pans if the oil does that, sometimes the middle is too dry and sticks.
2659 This mystery is a quintessential Miss Marple mystery.  It takes place in Miss Marple's village, there is a Colonel, a house, a touch of the exotic in the form of the identity of the victim, servants and Miss Marple herself.  You may find yourself reading the dialogue in English accents as it seems very English.  If you want an introduction to Miss Marple, this may be a selection to consider.
2660 You need experts to tell you strategies on how to analyze and answer GMAT questions.  There are videos available and books like Kaplan and Princeton Review offer.  The best questions to use are the original and authentic questions from previous GMAT tests which are published in test prep material by the GMAT test company.  I suggest you buy their materials which contain previous real test questions.  However, as I learned in a Princeton Review instructor course, the test company doesn't teach strategies well because if they did too many folks would ace the tests.  Then they would need to design harder tests.  They don't want to give their trade secrets away.  So, you need a company like Kaplan or Princeton to explain the kinds of test questions and how to tackle them, what pitfalls to watch out for etc.  I found this GMAT book comprehensive, and it seemed like they had some helpful strategies.  I wouldn't use the test questions in this book as there are plenty from the test company which are going to be more like the questions you will encounter on the actual test.  So, use this book for tips on how to approach the different sections and type of questions, and then use the actual questions from the GMAT test company.
2661 This is the best-looking shower curtain we've ever had.  Features to appreciate about it:  * dries quickly  * anti-bacterial - discourages mold and mildew etc.  * thick - has weights in the bottom to hold it in place  * has rust-proof grommets so rust won't bleed onto the curtain - has 12 of them  * clean it by wiping it with a damp cloth  It is made in China.  My only suggestion to the company is find a way to manufacture it in the U.S. to support American workers.
2662 This is a great resource for French verbs and their tenses.  Conjugation is the most challenging part of French for me.  It really helps to see the verbs and their endings in all of the diverse conjugations.  This book is thick.  Like the type, and layout.  Very easy to use.  Even though there are 501 verbs in here, it's amazing how many I come across which didn't make the cut.  This is an invaluable resource for the serious French student.  My french instructor recommended this book.
2663 If you like English style, this has some pretty rooms in it.  I use this book in a class I teach on English design style.  It's a charming book.
2664 "I think that's why Paris hasn't been through the kind of hell they've seen in New York, London and Madrid."  So says the French Brigadier to Bruno, the detective of St. Denis village which has just experienced the brutal murder of an informant who had infiltrated a mosque.  As we know now, the Brigadier spoke too soon regarding Paris' immunity from extremist Muslim terrorists.  The latest adventures of Bruno in this mystery novel parallel current events which amps up the suspense.  We already love this series for its scenic French village setting, lovable detective, mouth-watering descriptions of food.  It's the plots which distinguish each book in this series.  The bucolic village of St. Denis gets its country rhythms disrupted more than usual.  The author's background as an international affairs journalist at UPI provides insight to current events and authenticity to the narrative.  Two absorbing plot strands concerning children returning home enliven the story.  It is one of the best plotted novels in this series and keeps you turning the pages.  Some of the issues in this book are sensitive and difficult to write about, but the author writes with aplomb. This is one of my favorites in the series so far.  Of course, one mystery not resolved, and of interest to loyal readers and followers of Bruno the detective:  is Bruno getting a new love interest? To be continued...
2665 It's hard to find games which feature phonics short vowel words.  This puzzle game is great for that.  You could use it with children as young as two showing them how to sound out the words, and then reading them.  I teach teachers and parents how to teach reading, and this is a fun addition to materials for phonic instruction. Love the photos and great choice of words.  There are 20 short vowel words to match to a picture.
2666 A nutritionist recommended these to sweeten my coffee etc. as there are no negative after effects unlike artificial sweeteners. Stevia is made from herb in South America. Japanese tea drinkers have been using stevia for years with no ill effects she said. It's quite a bit sweeter than sugar, so you need less of it as a replacement.  I like this brand and put two packets in one cup iced coffee every morning with 1 1/2 cup almond milk, 1/2 cup lowfat milk and 1 T cocoa--it tastes like a coffee milk shake for only about 150 calories as the stevia is calorie-free! The stevia makes it taste like an iced dessert drink and is a great, refreshing treat for the day.  This is a way to have sweet taste without sugar.
2667 In the years of human history, a government of the people, by the people with liberty for all has been a fragile dream.  The dream manifested itself finally in the 18th century in the new world under the leadership primarily of four men: Washington, Jefferson, Adams and Franklin.  This book illumines the character of Washington, considered the greatest of the four by the others.  It's fascinating to read that they and their contemporaries all agreed he was superior to them in stature and achievements.  Without Washington, we might still be a colony of England's - who knows?  This insightful and very readable book is a lively introduction to, and analysis of, Washington, his life and accomplishments.  Ellis writes stirring history - I enjoyed his biography of Jefferson, too - and he is willing to connect the dots and draw some conclusions for the reader which you are free to agree or disagree with.  I felt his verbal portrait of Washington caught the essence of the man and illustrated what an amazing, although not without flaw, individual Washington was.  After reading this book, you may feel we were so privileged to have his mix of talents, character and vision available to us as a founder and first president of our great nation.  I found this a fascinating account with enough facts to support, but not clog, the narrative.  If you haven't read any biographies of Washington, this is a great place to start.  Our non-fiction book group at our library read it and enjoyed it heartily.  You come away feeling like you really understand the most aloof of the Founding Fathers. I don't see how this biography of only 275 words could have been improved upon.  It is as excellent as its subject.
2668 Pigeon is full of excuses and reasons for not to go to sleep.  His bunny wants to stay up, too.  It's daytime in China.  How about a hot dog party?  I listened to the author reading this book, and his crazy sense of humor shows through.  What a fun bedtime story.  It may give your little one ideas on how to stall going to bed.
2669 If you love cottage and country decorating that is fresh and inspired, you'll love to see how it's interpreted in this book.  The rooms are authentic with an alluring softness, with that hard-to-pin-down charm that you know when you see it.  This book illustrates the variety of up-to-date country/cottage styles, and is a delight to study. If you like these styles, this book would be a lovely and lively addition to your home library.
2670 Erupting and interrupting - that's the problem Louis has at school and at home.  His words just come erupting out of his mouth when he wants to say something when his teacher or his mom are talking.  One day when Louis is giving a presentation at school, and it's HIS turn to talk, other students interrupt HIM.  Now Louis knows how others feel when he interrupts and he uses a technique learned from his mom to just breathe the words quietly out of his nose.  This book uses empathy to teach about taking one's turn in talking.  Didn't like the punishments - what mother would send her child to his room just because he interrupted her at dinner?  And aren't time-outs facing the corner passe in school?  Other than the punishments, I liked the moral of the story based upon the golden rule.  Treat others the way you want to be treated.
2671 This book creatively tackles the topic of bullies in a classroom setting in a way in which small children can understand.  Llama and his Gnu friend are enjoying their pre-school activities when a goat starts calling them names, kicking sand etc.  Llama is instructed to tell someone - so he tells the teacher who gives Gilroy the Bully Goat a time-out.  Then the teacher asks the Goat if he is willing to be a friend and play nicely.  Gilroy is and does and he gets along, and even sings a song. When it's parent pick-up time, there are promises to play together the next day.
2672 The cars, the clothes, the architecture - this detective series transports you to mid-century Paris where Maigret (Michael Gambon) usually gets his man or woman.  The pace is leisurely, but Maigret purists should enjoy this enactment of the series.  It has the flavor of the novels upon which this series is based.  Gambon is a delight as Maigret.  For lovers of the classic French detective novel, this should please.
2673 This is a great basic pen. This pen writes for 4,300 feet the company says. It does seem to last a long time. It doesn't leak ink and is just plain reliable. Love to buy a pack of these to keep around the house and in my briefcase and purse.
2674 This is a fun book as duck - with his crazy ideas - decides maybe he can drive a tractor.  He invites the other animals to jump on for the ride, and they ride into town.  They all have fun comments and thoughts.  Love their expressions.  They ride by the diner and the folks in the diner can't believe their eyes.  The farmer runs out as he realizes it's his tractor!  Everyone else follows him.  But by the time they reach the tractor, which ran out of gas, there are no animals to be seen.  Did they imagine they saw a duck driving a tractor?  The illustrations have a humorous and modernized Norman Rockwell look to them.  Fun caricatures of characters.  The vocabulary isn't babied.  Children who like tractors, animals, farms and humor will enjoy this rollicking and rolling story.  If you read it in a class, the class could write a class story about what happened the next time the duck decided to go for a drive and illustrate it.
2675 Quirky take on Austen piece.  It was visually pretty.  Enjoyed the satire.  If you're an Austen purist, you may not like it.  I found it mildly entertaining. 3.5 stars
2676 If you are not a Jeeves and Wooster purist, but like the Jeeves-Wooster dynamic, imagine you would enjoy this clever frolic of a novel.  Author Sebastian Faulks is talented and enjoys capturing another author's style of writing.  He is a student of the craft of writing according to his bio and has lectured on it.  He was able to copy Ian Fleming's style for a bestselling James Bond sequel.  From James Bond to Jeeves and Wooster is a stretch most writers couldn't make.  But Faulks appears to pull it off quite admirably.  In this novel, the plotting is fairly complex although on the surface the setup is simple.  Jeeves and Wooster travel to a country house to escape Wooster's aunt and his naughty nephew and to help with some romantic intrigue involving a close friend.  It happens that Wooster's flame is at the house, too.  There is some comic role playing and the dialogue is fairly ingenious.  You have to admire the wit of the characters and the banter between Jeeves and Wooster.  That is the chief charm of this novel for me.  I was more enamored of the relationship between the two primary characters, and writing craft of Faulks, than the plot.  Wouldn't say this was a plot-driven novel.  If Faulks had been in a writing workshop with me, I might have suggested the cricket scene be shortened.  But I don't know cricket and couldn't follow the moves.  Faulks' talent was on display in this novel.  I enjoyed seeing how he replicated a style and recreated two beloved characters. 4.5 stars for craft and for those who already like Jeeves and Wooster as characters.
2677 Bought this book for images for a cottage-country-budget design class I teach.  There wasn't much in here that I could use.  I enjoy COUNTRY LIVING magazine, but felt this book could have been better.
2678 This is an economical drill book of French verbs of about 125 pages.  Then you have an answer key and index of common French verbs from French to English and English to French.  It includes all conjugations for every tense.  This is not a comprehensive workbook for mastery.  Rather, it is a refresher on French verbs.  It's a drill book for teachers and students of French who want more practice and review.  It would need to be longer to be more comprehensive.  It has clear organization and opportunities for translation.  As a supplementary text, think you would find it useful.  I am using it during the summer to keep my French verb skills current.
2679 There is much to like about this chapter book starring Dory:  * her imaginary friend, Mary, who looks like a character from WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE  * the black and white childlike pencil illustrations  * some humorous plot twists - example: when Dory pretends she's a dog at the doctor's office  As a former pre-school, kindergarten, grade 1-3 teacher and principal, had a few issues with the story.  In one instance, Dory mentions using bathroom language to make her siblings laugh.  Children don't need encouragement using bad language.  In another instance Dory mentions shooting a dart at a scary lady in the butt.  I'm not a prude, but don't think young minds need exposure to this kind of stuff. There's something precious about the innocence and purity of young children.  Do we really want them swearing, using bathroom words etc.?  Just rather tired of the coarsening of society.  Can't we be funny without this kind of stuff in children's books?  Otherwise, liked the imagination of the author and the concept of the book.  3.5 stars
2680 Love Hellmann's mayonnaise.  Like the regular and the one with olive oil.  It has a tasty, rich taste.  Use it on sandwiches and in potato salads, tuna salad, chicken salad etc.  This Hellman's mayonnaise is made with simple ingredients: Soybean Oil, Water, Whole Eggs and Egg Yolks, Vinegar, Salt, Sugar, Lemon Juice, Calcium Disodium EDTA (used to protect quality), Natural Flavors. Hellmann's says they are committed to using certified cage-free eggs in their products, but it doesn't necessarily mean they use them. I'm committed to cleaning my house, too, and losing weight.  Here's what Hellmann's says about their delicious mayonnaise: "Our authentic mayonnaise is rich in omega 3-ALA (contains 650 mg ALA per serving, 40 percent of the 1.6 gram daily value for ALA, 10 gram fat, and 1.5 gram saturated fat). Use it to make outrageously juicy meals like our parmesan crusted chicken.  There are 90 calories in a tablespoon of this mayo. There is zero sugar and it is low in sodium - only 4% of your DV. Low in cholesterol, too, at 2% DV. You can always mix it with lowfat plain yogurt if you want to dilute the calorie and fat content, and add it to you sandwiches and chicken and tuna salads. It is delicious.
2681 We have rental properties and I like to use this rug as a runner when you walk in the door.  It's stylish and chic and keeps dirt, gravel, grass, leaves etc. from getting tracked throughout the house or apartment when we're showing them to prospective tenants.  Gray and geometrics are very much in style now, so this doesn't detract from the ambiance as other rugs and mats might.  I also use it outdoors on a walkway where the pavement is a little uneven.  This smooths it out.  We are pleased with this product.  It's easy to sweep off leaves and light dust and dirt which gets on it.
2682 If you can eat a handful of nuts a day, they are good for you.  Love these Planters unsalted peanuts.  Nutrition:  8g of protein, 1g of sugar, 5mg of sodium, 14g of fat.  170 calories per 28g serving.  Here's what the company says about them:  A Healthy Handful of Peanuts  Protein helps keep you satisfied. And peanutswhich are not actually nuts but, like peas and beans, are legumeshave seven grams of protein per oneounce serving. Fiber - Peanuts are a good source of dietary fiber, which can help keep you feeling full longer and can aid digestion. Not too many snacks contain fiber! Niacin is a B vitamin that the body uses to convert food into energy. A oneounce serving of peanuts delivers about 15% of the niacin you need each day. Vitamin E - A oneounce serving of peanuts delivers a good source of Vitamin E, an antioxidant that helps you protect cells from damage. Resveratrol - This plant compound with antioxidant properties is found in peanuts (especially high in peanut skins) as well as grapes. Many scientific studies are looking at its health benefits. Good Fats - Experts recommend limiting the intake of foods high in saturated fat and replacing them with foods high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturatedgoodfats. And 80% of the fat in peanuts comprise the good fats.
2683 Am listening to this now.  Very slow and deep duet.  Wonderful musical, old style song.  Fun to hear Josh sing this with Audra.  If you like this song, think you'll like this rendition.
2684 For many of us, finishing a room and transforming it from ordinary to wow takes a lot of skill and artistry. What's the magic behind the rooms we love?  This book analyzes rooms that have appeared in House Beautiful in recent years and explains what elements make them stylish.  It deconstructs their individual style so in the rooms you see that you love, you can utilize the design principles and finishing touches the room's designer used in your own home and rooms. This is a great reference book for those who want to know what designers know: what are the finishing details that make rooms uniquely beautiful.
2685 I've read this book and listened to it on tape and enjoyed it both times.  Loved the movie version of it also - felt it caught the essence and atmosphere of the book.  Especially with the motorcycle gang who helps Haller. What a great idea to have a lawyer work out of a couple of Lincoln's.  Immediately you are drawn in.  This is a riveting story with an explosive ending.  Loved every moment of it.  Keep writing books about Mickey Haller please, Mr. Connelly.
2686 This is one of the better short mystery stories by Ms. Christie.  It is narrated by a young woman artist who visits a Cornish seaside village and while painting, notices something strange.  She is recounting the narrative at the dinner table and the guests have to guess what really happened, what she saw, and the meaning of it.  Of course, Miss Marple guesses the villain and motive.  This story was written in 1928, so it's fun to see what people were doing then, how they conversed and interacted.  This story appeared in detective magazines back then.  The pace is good, and the suspense kept up.  Quite well-written, too!
2687 When a small painted tile of a scene in Brittany inspires 60-year-old Marianne to flee a cheating husband, and loveless life in Germany, she never imagines what kind of happiness she might find in Brittany as she creates a new life. The richness of her new life astounds her: Jean-Remy, the young chef and cook who wants her in his kitchen; Madame Genevieve who hires her and provides her with a room with a view of the sea; Pascale her dear friend and good witch say some; a Vespa to ride and even an orange cat for company.  Then there's the enigmatic Yann who paints and needs a love and a muse.  Will he be the one to finally appreciate Marianne, or will the cheating husband Lothar realize what he is missing and find her on the edge of the world in Brittany?  The author lives in Brittany part-time and describes its seductions well.  I loved the premise of this book.  It's original to have a 60-year-old heroine quit living by convention and approval who has been stifled by a domineering, critical and unfaithful husband.  So, one of the joys of the story was seeing Marianne find a life which suits her.  However, the plot seemed a little muddied at times, and a tad unbelievable. There were a lot of characters with a lot of drama in their lives for a short book. There was occasional flowery description which I found myself skimming.  This book will make you want to visit Brittany.  If you enjoy French fairy tales with a lot of romance and descriptive writing, this might be a 4 or 5-star read for you.  Fans of the author's previous work will probably enjoy it.
2688 The taste of these chips is 5-stars for me. However, there is no significant nutrition in these. They are not unhealthy. They are low in sugar and salt (5%) and popped, not fried or baked. They have a light and airy texture. You can taste the distinct sweet potato flavor with a touch of salt. Each chip is a fairly bite-sized round. You can eat 28 chips for 120 calories. They have no cholesterol or saturated fat. You can eat 28 chips for 120 calories. If you like sweet potatoes and the texture of popped chips, these may be a 5-star snack for you.
2689 Kind of an upbeat Dickensian drama.  Love the clothes, rooms, actors and fun little plots.  Watching this is a pleasant pastime if you like upbeat period pieces with charming characters. 4.5 stars if you like a bit of fluff.
2690 I have read this book several times.  It was my first introduction to the field of positive psychology in which psychologists studied people without severe mental illnesses to see what what created happiness in their lives and what might increase it.  Happiness is the ultimate value.  Why do we do something?  Because it makes us happy.  I loved one recipe for happiness in this book: using your signature strengths in something that is meaningful to you.  Figuring out what our strengths are, and then using them in something meaningful to us does provide a lot of happiness in life.  It takes some introspection but is worth it because of the joy it creates in our lives.  I took the online assessment which accompanies this book and found it helpful.  If you haven't read anything in the field of happiness or positive psychology, this is an excellent introduction.  The author heads up UPenn's positive psychology department and you can get a master's degree there in the field.  One thing the author admits to in the book is that he's a bit of a curmudgeon.  This is an easy read with not a lot of scientific terms.
2691 The vicar's wife is preparing flowers for church when she sees a body on the steps in the interior of the church.  It appears to be a dying man.  Amazingly an ambulance isn't called, but the local doctor is, who then calls the ambulance.  Will the man live and say why he is at the church?  He utters a few dying words, one of which is the title of this short story.  It's also a clue.  The vicar's wife, conveniently, is the godchild of Jane, as in Jane Marple.  Miss Marple uses her intuitive detective skills to find out why the man died and the crimes behind it.  It's a fun read, and a fairly typical Christie plot with some exoticism thrown in.
2692 If you have switched from cooking with butter to olive oil, this brand works great for that purpose. It has a light taste which is fine for cooking. I saute meats, onions, mushrooms, veggies and cook eggs and pancakes (whole grain, of course) in it.  I also use it with a balsamic vinegar for a salad dressing with some seasoning - figure it's more healthy than most store bought dressings. It's great to toss vegetables in and roast them in the oven. I toss sweet potatoes in it and add cumin, sea salt and pepper. Delicious!  If you're going to dip bread in it, you might want an olive oil with a heavier taste, but for the basics of cooking, roasting and salad dressings, have been very satisfied with this oil. 5 stars for a basic oil. If you're looking for something more gourmet, there may be better products out there for that purpose.
2693 If you like authentic, international rural interiors, this book by Judith Miller has 400 images of them.  These are not decorated interiors by designers. They cover French country, Spanish Country, Italian County, American Country and Scandanavian country.  It's a solid introduction to these styles with background information on their history and influence.  Many of the rooms are pretty primitive with only a few pieces of furniture.  At the end of the book, elements of country style are discussed such as walls, ceilings, floors, furniture and lighting.  If you are wanting to build an authentic country house, this book showcases some ideas.  Rooms of country styles are also featured by sections: bedrooms, living rooms, kitchens and baths as well as outdoor areas.  This is for readers who want a less decorated and more authentic look.  5 stars for those folks, 4 stars who are looking for more decorated rooms.
2694 The texture and crunch of these chips are amazing. And the taste is just perfect. They are high in calories - 150 calories for about 13 chips. One serving, or 13 chips, contains about 15% of your fat. Good news is sodium is low - about 5%. No sugar. 5% carbs.  So, there's no real nutrition to speak of, somewhat high in calories and fat for a small amount. There are healthier chips available. But for a treat occasionally, 4th of July picnic, why not splurge? There aren't better tasting chips out there. I like the dark ones, too. The company seems to support environmental endeavors, which is a plus.
2695 Cat says hi to her friends: fish, duck and a blargie???  Pre-schoolers might enjoy this book. Limited vocabulary.  I  prefer Mo Williams Elephant and Piggie series better.
2696 Like this basic mat for yoga.  Features to appreciate about it:  * cool blue color with attractive design * nice thickness - thicker than some mats but not too heavy * two-sided surface - one which will stick to the floor and one textured for the body * 68-Inch x 24-Inch x 5mm - adequate size  Will enjoy using this mat for light yoga.
2697 Just used these knives. They are sharp - much sharper than the knives in our knife drawer.  Like the fact that they are sheathed, and self-sharpen.  What you get according to the Farberware:  * 8-inch Chef Knife that is perfect for everyday chopping and dicing of meats and larger vegetables  * 5-inch Santoku Knife that is ideal for cutting and slicing fish and poultry  * 3.5-inch Paring Knife that is ideal for precision cutting of smaller fruits and vegetables  This is an affordable and basic knife set which is multi-purpose.  It would make a nice gift set.  So far, we are happy with this.
2698 This is a thoughtful book through the eyes of young Lola about adopting a cat from the shelter.  Lola prepares for the cat. She reads up on cats. She visits the shelter and they give her a list of what to get for a young cat.  There are three cats to choose from, but a young cat chooses Lola.  When Lola takes the cat home, she has prepared a corner for the cat.  She lets the cat adjust to its new surroundings and then plays with the cat.  This is a sweet story for children three through six years of age on pet ownership.  Adults can stress what a responsibility a pet is, and how you need to prepare for it.  The illustrations are vibrant and upbeat.  Children will enjoy seeing Lola getting her new pet.  They may want to adopt a pet after reading this story.  Be prepared for that!  The story could have been longer, it was so enjoyable.  4.5 stars
2699 If you like Brit wit, you might enjoy this mystery written in 1950.  I love mysteries written in previous decades as you gain insight into how people conversed and what they did and thought about.  It is like going back in time.  In this mystery, a client of a law firm is missing and his body turns up in the oddest place.  All of the employees of this law firm are suspects, including one who died recently.  When another body turns up, Scotland Yard suspects the killer is still alive.  You suspect the author is a lawyer, which he is, as he has such a facile command of terms and procedures which adds to the authentic feel of the book.  There's not a lot of action, but I didn't mind.  I just love reading British repartee. The building on the cover of this book is where some of the action takes place, so the setting is wonderful, too.  This book is listed as one of the British Crime Writer's top 100 mystery novels.  I enjoyed it, and read it due to other reviewer's recommendations here.  The clues were there to ferret out the murderer, but I just sat back and enjoyed reading how the detectives did it.  4.5 stars
2700 This was a very popular shower gift for my son and his fiance.  Will report back after they cook with it.  I want one for myself.
2701 Pinkerton the dog has flunked dog obedience school.  When he is told to come, he jumps out of the window.  He's not good at fetching the slipper either.  He destroys it.  He licks a pretend burglar dummy.  One night a real burglar comes to Pinkerton's home, and Pinkerton's family figures out a command which will get Pinkerton to get the burglar out of the house.  The illustrations are amusing.  Best for children who won't be scared by the topic of a burglar.  First through third grades?  This has humor which children will enjoy as they tend to like seeing animals (and children) who don't always behave.
2702 A family member brought this honey home to try, and it's delicious. It's quite flavorful and unique. One serving size is one tablespoon which is 60 calories. No fat, no sodium, 16g natural sugar. Ingredients: only honey.  The company also offers an organic honey in a bear container which we like.
2703 If you haven't seen this original and quirky comedy, pop some popcorn, add some melted butter and enjoy a girls' night in.  There's a lot of comedy-romances out there but what makes this one so popular?  I think it's the original character of Bridget herself.  She seems authentic; she's a mess-up.  We can relate because we've done similar stupid things ourselves.  And she really doesn't change from clumsy duckling into beautiful swan in the movie--she's still the gauche duckling but suddenly her gaucheness becomes quite charming. Her authentic self is an asset when she finds a situation that suits her.  This is the original message in the film and why it's so popular, I believe, because it says maybe we're okay, as is, too. We don't have to become perfect to be lovable. We just have to find a place and people who appreciate our unique and original self.  Renee Zellwegger doesn't even seem like she's acting as she's got the role of Bridget down so well.  Hugh Grant plays the cad perfectly and Colin Firth is charming as the cold and arrogant Darcy.  The change in him to the warm and playful Darcy seems a bit abrupt but maybe the aloofness was just a facade.  The tarts and vicar party is one of my favorite scenes. I can watch this movie every year and even the guys in my life seem to like it.  It's fun for a Friday night in.
2704 Very amusing.  It has humor adults can appreciate. Might be best for mature first grade students through fourth grade.  The crayons send post cards to Duncan telling where they are and what they are up to.  There is lots of imagination behind this book.  It's quite a fun read.
2705 This is Charlotte Moss's first book, published in 1991.  It's a fun read, but the images are small except for James Steinmeyer's illustrations.  Compared to her other books, it seems dated, but her originality and passion for design is evident in this book.  If you love Charlotte Moss, you will appreciate her thoughts in this book just finding themselves.  But if it's pictures of her more current design work, recommend her other books
2706 My daughter-in-law requested these stainless steel measuring spoons.  They have a warranty and are good for dry and liquid measurements.  They won't rust.  My son said they are very happy with these so far.  Will report back if anything changes.
2707 This mystery novel sets up an ingenious scenario: a group of 31 "honorable" men meet every year until the last remaining member alone is alive. He then selects a group of another 31 young "honorable" men who will meet every year until there is one member remaining alive who selects another group of 31 honorable men.  And so this exclusive club has perpetuated itself throughout history.  Until recently, when the most current group of men are dying way too young and in large numbers.  Enter Private Investigator Matthew Scudder who is hired by one of the 31 men to investigate the untimely death of too many of its members.  Although there are the usual deaths by illness and war, there are too many freak accidents, suicides and yes, even murders.  Is one of their members taking the lives of the others?  If so, why?  Or are the deaths caused by an outsider who has a grudge against the club?  In between attending AA meetings, Matthew Scudder uses his detecting skill and the network of friends, old police contacts and ne-er-do-well associates to detect the culprit behind the madness, if there is one.  This mystery has a pleasant pace, Scudder is entertaining as a P.I., his colorful friends and associates add interest to the story and it's a fun read.  This mystery novel came highly recommended - a fellow Amazon Reviewer said it was her favorite mystery of all time and she reads a lot of mysteries.  I'm going to recommend this mystery to our monthly library mystery book discussion group.  It's fresh and original and an entertaining read.
2708 I love Howard Slatkin's style.  Each of his rooms is a work of art.  It is not minimalist - it is the direct opposite.  It is complex, detailed and exquisite to study.  This book equals the quality of his design.  Love the included floor plans.  Slatkin narrates his design choices.  This book is not about a diverse array of design style on Fifth Avenue - it's about Slatkin's home upon which he lavished much thought, care and gilt.  His guest room is one of the most beautifully exquisite rooms ever.  His bedroom looks like that of an English Lord.  His rooms are quite popular on pinterest as there is nothing else quite like them.  If you like the cover of this book, you should like the rooms inside.  It is one-of-a-kind style that is breath-taking. Even though this isn't my taste exactly, nor my wallet's taste, I enjoy studying these rooms.
2709 Naps are a subject of interest to young children.  They probably don't like them.  That's why this book will delight them.  The animals on the Savannah agree that naps are to be avoided.  The Lion's opinion?  "Kings don't take naps."  What does the laughing hyena think about naps? "Ah, ha, ha.  A nap?  What a joke."  As fun as the comments of the different animals are in their reaction to naps, the illustrations are equally appealing.  The art is in bold black strokes with yellow, olive green, and gray colors.  The expressions of disdain by the animals on the topic of naps is sure to amuse.  By the end of the book, you will see how the joke is on the animals as they all succumb to a nap.  This should be a winner for children who nap, or don't want to take naps.  This would be a great read-aloud.  The words are in all caps which might be a tad difficult for beginning readers.
2710 When I was growing up, my grandmother used Jif peanut butter as she read that it was ranked as the best peanut butter among the main brands. Having worked with a nutritionist, she recommended that I buy the Teddy's brand of peanut butter as there are no added ingredients. She also said to refrigerate it after opening it to keep the nutrition in the peanut butter. As Dr. Oz said on Oprah, he keeps his nuts in the frig and then wondered why the audience laughed.  When I looked at the ingredients in this Jif peanut butter, was disappointed to see added ingredients as follows:  made from roasted peanuts and sugar, contains 2 percent or less of molasses, fully hydrogenated vegetable oils (rapeseed and soybean ), mono and diglycerides, salt.  Jif's makers should make a healthy version of this peanut butter for those of us who don't want sugar, diglycerides and added salt. In the meantime, I'll be buying Teddy's peanut butter.
2711 A family member brought this honey home to try, and it's delicious. It's quite flavorful and unique. One serving size is one tablespoon which is 60 calories. There are 32 servings in this bear. No fat, no sodium, 16g natural sugar. Ingredients: only honey. The company also offers an organic honey in a bear container which we like.  Tastes great on toast or in a peanut butter sandwich.
2712 If you like food and romance, this film combines both in a delectable offering.  Martha is a cool, uptight chef who rules her kitchen with an iron fist.  When tragedy happens in her life, she has to relent control a bit and a warm Italian chef enters her kitchen and brings joy, music and a less rigid style.  She can't handle it or him.  His warmth starts to melt her frosty exterior.  The interplay of their two personalities and budding relationship is what delights, as he begins to transform her life.  I loved this charming film.  When you are in the mood for something different and a little romance and joy coming from sad circumstances, you may want to sample this treat.
2713 Friendship stories between boys and girls like this one are positive.  It's good to have a friend of the opposite sex.  Camille is the girl in this story and she LOVES numbers and math - another positive role model for girls in this technical STEM age.  M for math!  The boy in this story likes dressing up in costumes and animals.  When he dresses up as a cat, and the dog Dodie keeps barking him to and from school, Camille suggests perhaps he try being another animal.  He sews his own costume!  This story is about friends who enjoy their differences and learn to navigate them to keep a friendship.  It's a positive book to read for Friendship Week in a classroom.  Children have to be encouraged sometimes to appreciate differences, and find them interesting rather than something to shy away from.  When I was a teacher and principal I encouraged my students to eat with someone they normally didn't eat with.  This could be a fun story to read around Halloween time, too.  Children can draw a picture of themselves in a costume they'd like to make.  Or it can be read during a unit on animals, and children could discuss if they could be an animal for a week, which animals would they like to be.  You can write a dictated class story on it.
2714 his chap stick original is an 8-hour moisturizer. It really works. Like to keep these in my purse, make-up bag, desk so can apply throughout the day. Have a wood-burning stove so during the colder months, the air is dry and these keep my lips from drying out and burning. Provides immediate relief.
2715 Tom Peters always has interesting insights.  He noted the primacy of innovation which has only increased in importance.  While there are more current and contemporary books out there on innovation, I enjoyed reading this one and hearing Tom speak.  He quoted a Harvard professor at a seminar and said that we've traveled through the agricultural age, industrial age, information age to arrive at the innovation age.  How true!
2716 My dentist recommended this zero alcohol mouth wash. It kills germs and has a strong minty taste.  Water, sorbitol solution, propylene glycol, sodium lauryl sulfate, benzoic acid, sodium benzoate, poloxamer 407, sodium saccharin, flavor, sucralose, Fd&c green no. 3  Directions Rinse twice a day with 2/3 fluid ounce or 20 ml (4 teaspoonfuls) for 30 seconds. Do not swallow.  I use it after flossing or water flossing. You wake up with fresh breath in the morning.
2717 Bought this scale after my 225 pound 6'1" brother visited and my other scale broke while he was here.  This works very accurately and is easy to read and doesn't take up much floor or visual space in the powder room. I like the see through aspect - instead of being a color.  It blends into the floor.  And it's sturdy when you step on it.  You do have to tap it first, then it lets you know it's okay to step on it. I love it.  When my brother revisits, will see if it keeps working. It says it takes up to 400 pounds. So far, so accurate.
2718 A nutritionist recommended eating protein five times a day as a deterrent to hunger. Yogurt, she suggested, is a great breakfast or snack option to get protein. Like to mix plain yogurt with a banana and cinnamon for topping. The primary difference between regular yogurt and Greek yogurt is that the Greek yogurt is higher in protein and thicker.  I tried this Fage Greek yogurt and loved it. Yogurt is great in fruit smoothies. My favorite recipe: one cup of frozen berries like raspberries-strawberries-blackberries-blueberries mix, with a banana and 1/2 cup Greek plain yogurt with 1/2 seltzer. You can also sneak in some baby spinach, cucumber or romaine lettuce for fresh vegetables and won't notice the taste very much, if at all, if it's under a cup.  I also like to cut up a banana and mix it in the yogurt with cinnamon on top. If you go to the Fage website there's a mix of tantalizing recipes using their yogurt such as apple-cinnamon muffins, pumpkin soup, greek yogurt cheesecake with berry compote, and lobster club watercress sandwich.
2719 This is an important topic for young children and adults.  I wasn't aware of this attempt to build underpasses and overpasses for wild animals so they can travel through their habitat and not get hit on roads by encroaching humans into their habitats.  In this story the fox sees all of the construction of buildings, and new roads, make inroads into his habitat.  He gets separated from his family.  But, fortunately a wildlife underpass is built, and the fox, who has been looking for his mother, brother, sister etc. has a happy reunion with his family in the forest.  The illustrations are lovely.  They show all of the ways humans have used what used to be the wild animals' land to roam.  It has a happy ending and prompts a worthy discussion on caring for animals.  It would be a good library and classroom read - especially if you're doing a unit on conservation and animals.  Great for young children 4 years through 2nd grade.  It is narrated by the fox, and there are several sentences per page.
2720 Although this doesn't have the drama and excitement of some of the more popular Christie mysteries such as MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS or AND THEN THERE WERE NONE, I rather like it as a quintessential English village mystery.  The title derives its name from an anonymous murderer who writes the indefatigable Belgian detective, Hercule Poirot, to announce the locale up an upcoming murder.  The towns follow an alphabetical pattern.  This mystery novel was written in 1936 so it provides insight into English village life during that time period.  I enjoy cerebral mysteries that are more mind games, and this is clever.  It actually is one of my more favorite of Dame Agatha's mysteries.  If you read Agatha Christie's autobiography, she is quite self-effacing about her writing talent.  However, when you read her mysteries you understand why she is the best-selling fiction author of all time.  Her books have an accessibility and universal appeal which many can enjoy.  If you want a more quiet, but still entertaining, mystery, you may wish to sample this one.
2721 This is one of my favorite brands and flavors of coffee.  It makes a delicious iced cold coffee mocha ~ just brew a cup of this coffee and cool it.  Put 7 ice cubes in blender, add 1 1/2 cup almond milk, 2-3 packets stevia for sweetener, one tsp. of cocoa, blend.  Add 1/2 cup low fat milk and the cup of cold coffee and blend some more.  It makes a delightful, sweet, chocolate-vanilla flavored  iced coffee drink - about 3 cups worth and fairly low in calories at around 200 calories.  It's a great morning beverage or snack during the day.
2722 This is a silly book.  It's downright goofy, in a good imaginative way.  If your child has an imagination and a sense of humor, they should sample this book.  Snappsy is thinking about eating little bunnies (this part means best for Kindergarten on up), when he gets diverted to a grocery store and falls in love with groceries which begin with the letter P (maybe because there are two P's in SnaPPsy's name?): peanut butter, pita bread, popcorn, pears, pickles - actually, not sure about the pickles.  So, after loading up his grocery house with P foods, Snappsy returns to his little shack which he built himself (you can tell).  Snappsy is getting pretty irritated with this story's narrator who is following him around and reporting on his activities.  He can even hear the narrator breathing, he says.  See the silly?  Snappsy decides to throw a party to improve his relationship with all of the animals.  Alligators aren't too popular among other animals for obvious reasons.  A special guest arrives at the party - you'll have to read the book to find out who it is.  There's a happy ending, sort of.  Not sure Snappsy is entirely happy, but think the narrator is.  The illustrations are as funny as the story and match the silly tone.  Who can resist an alligator named Snappsy?
2723 My son and daughter-in-law work full time in a small midwestern town.  There aren't many restaurants in town, but there's a Domino Pizza.  So, when they don't want to cook, or have students over - my son is a professor - they can serve up some classic Domino Pizza.  Figured this would give them an excuse to not cook and have a break.  I called the Domino's in their town as recommended to ensure they take gift cards and they do!  My daughter-in-law likes this pizza, so figured these gift cards would make her happy!
2724 I gave to our family's pit bull for Valentines Day present.  She took right to it.  It's different than any other toy she has with the little squirrels which hide from her.  It's an original dog toy and one of her favorites.  She hasn't chewed it up right away which she usually does with new dog toys.  That's the challenge for her: can she get the stuffing out in the first 24 hours?
2725 Was delighted to find this on Kindle.  I read it and took notes on the spiritual principles, and then applied them to some current situations in the world and my life.  It was very helpful.  Some of the ideas I found most helpful:  * God is infinite and conscious Life  * God is the affectionate Father and Mother of all that He creates  * You cannot serve mammon of materiality and God of spirituality  * Man is reflection of immutable good  * We dwell in the cosmos of immortal Mind (God)  * God is everpresent and eternal good  * God is all and there is none beside Him  * God is not absent from Himself nor the universe  * God is the everpresence that neither comes nor goes and man is forever His likeness  * Mystery of godliness: God is never absent and there is none besides good  * You cannot escape from identification with what dwelleth in the eternal Mind
2726 This should be a five-star read for aspiring dancers.  It would also be excellent for young girls in elementary school to see themselves as strong and passionate about something whether it be dance or art or science.  This book demonstrates that if you work hard, practice, and love what you do, you will find some outlet for your talent.  The book is written by Misty Copeland, a world renowned ballerina, who found dance as a vehicle to express herself.  She found herself and her place through dance.  She is encouraging another young ballerina that she may be able to dance the Firebird one day herself.  Misty writes that she didn't look like most other ballerinas, so she didn't know if she could be successful as a ballerina.  Others mentored and encouraged her, so Misty wants to pay it forward through this book and inspire ballerinas of all backgrounds that the dream is possible.  This book is narrated in a lyrical, poetic style.  The images are vibrant, colorful and powerful.  It would be a good discussion starter for asking young children what do they love doing, and what do they dream of doing.  If you read it to a class, you could write class stories about what big dream does each student have.  Then the students can illustrate what they would like to do.
2727 A young girl in a red hood leaves a school to trudge home in the snow.  Suddenly the snow comes down harder.  She meets a baby wolf and helps to carry the wolf who has gotten separated from his wolf pack and mother wolf.  When the mother wolf finds the young girl carrying her baby wolf, the girl is afraid.  But the mother wolf understand that the girl has helped her baby wolf.  It's getting darker and the snow is coming down harder.  The girl falls and lays down in the snow. She is sooo tired!  The baby wolf comes over to lick her to keep her awake.  Soon all of the wolves circle her and do something which allows the girl's mother to find her in the snowy night.  Will she find her way home now?  You will want to read this book to find out.  The illustrations are simple, but convey the loneliness of a remote winter area.  There is no narration to speak of. The pictures tell the story.  Children will enjoy seeing how the young girl and the wolves help each other.  This is a heart-warming story. It rather turns the Red Riding Hood story around.
2728 Our library mystery book group is reading this mystery novel, the first of the Inspector Morse series, this month.  Inspector Morse has been my favorite mystery series as it contains humor, intellect, a rich in history setting like Oxford, a smart and endearing detective Morse and his sidekick Lewis, quirky characters, stellar writing and original plots.  In rereading this book I had forgotten that Lewis was older than Morse.  The plot wasn't as clear as it might have been, but Dexter's talent at writing is evident from the get-go.  This didn't have a first book quality about it.  If I had been in Dexter's writing group, would have recommended he make the denouement of the villain clearer.  I thoroughly enjoyed the book and will let you know what the group thought of it later this month.
2729 Harry Bosch does some international traveling in this book, which gives us a break from the DuPars, Smoke House, In & Out Burger scenery.  An elderly Chinese man is shot in his store, and Harry gets thrust into the world of the Chinese underworld. He even travels to Hong Kong and the plot gets intense there.  There are some twists, but Harry and his partner and a Chinese policeman steadily follow the clues. This book has a touch of the exotic.  I listened to it while I walked and it kept me entertained.  Wish Connelly would write two Bosch's a year.  Need some more walking stories. 4.5 stars
2730 If you love the early days of Diana's style the best, this book is full of photos of the charming frocks Diana wore to the many events she attended.  The book was published in 1984 - those are favorite years when Diana was engaged, married, finally Princess of Wales and a young mother.  This chronicles the fashions she wore before she became more sophisticated and glammed up. I like these dresses the best and the images of her in her first days as Princess of Wales when she was the most unsophisticated and could be more genuine..  This book was published when there were few outlets for images for Diana's fashions.  Now we have blogs devoted to Kate's daily outings.  If you are a Princess Diana fan, this is a fun addition to peruse.
2731 These are delicious pears. They are full-bodied, lovely to look at and best of all are healthy for you. You won't gain the weight with this holiday gift, unlike a box of chocolates. Regarding nutrition in pears, a large pear is about 130 calories (small pear is 85), it provides 28% of fiber needs, 16% of vitamin C and has 22g of natural fruit sugar. So, one pear a day, if you're watching calorie and sugar, is probably enough. A nutritionist recommended having one serving of fruit per day, if you're trying to lose weight, and have it preferable in the morning to burn off the sugar.  If you haven't had these Royal Riviera pears yet, you should try them and treat yourself or someone else.  Got these for Christmas 2014 and they were perfect.
2732 Thought I'd try these petite little noodles.  Was going to use them in a chicken and vegetable soup, but tried them in some turkey chili I made today.  They added some wonderful juicy texture.  Recipe:  In saucepan over stove on medium heat, add about 2 Tablespoons of olive oil and 2 onions sliced.  Saute about 10 minutes.  Add ground turkey. Saute till no longer pink.  Add two chopped zucchini, one chopped red pepper, one chopped green pepper, handful or two of shredded or chopped carrots.  When tender, add a large can of tomatoes,  and a can of black beans.  Cook this pasta separately for about 9 minutes - about 1/2 the box.  Add to the turkey and veggie mix.  The pasta really gives this extra texture.
2733 Give it 10 stars said my brother.  I bought this for his daughter - my four-year-old niece - and she LOVED it.  He sent me a picture of her immersed in the sticker fun.  If your Princess or Prince likes FROZEN, this is a lot of good clean fun for less than $5.  Where can you get that?
2734 Rather epic-sounding.  Josh's voice performs it brilliantly.  If you liked the movie, and you like this song, you will probably love Josh's rendition of it.
2735 This is a tasty whole grain snack. One ounce - or about 1 3/4 cup - of this popcorn is 160 calories. For daily recommended amounts: an ounce is 12% of sodium, 15% of fat, 2% cholesterol and is gluten-free. It uses all natural ingredients. It isn't a significant source of any nutrition, but it isn't really bad for you, either. For a snack, it is pretty guilt-free. You may find it hard to stick to 2 cups, though, as it's very tasty.  Ingredients include: Popcorn, Vegetable Oil (Corn, Canola, Soybean, and/or Sunflower Oil), Cheddar Cheese (Milk, Cheese Cultures, Salt, Enzymes), Whey, Buttermilk, and Salt.
2736 When the irrepressible Piggie decides that he is a frog, he encourages Elephant to pretend to be a frog, too. Elephant decides he'd rather pretend being a cow.  Cute story; I prefer some of the other stories in the series better but if your child loves everything Piggie and Elephant, they will probably enjoy this book.  Piggie IS funny as a frog.
2737 If your child likes Santa and likes cats, this book should appeal.  Cat has been more naughty than nice this year and fears he won't be getting presents from Santa.  Maybe if he dresses up like Santa, he can be Santa and give himself a gift.  Problem is he can't do Santa's job: sliding down chimneys, giving gifts someone actually likes - Santa cat can't even sing a Christmas carol!  Santa finally makes an appearance and together they find a happy holiday solution.  This is a fun little book with a few words or sentences per page.  It has a whimsical charm.
2738 Features to appreciate about this book:  * uses seasonal produce  * chapters divided into seasons  * for a more sophisticated palate than the usual slow cooker recipes  * doesn't use unhealthy soups and sauces  * original and unique recipes including some dessert recipes  * each chapter begins with list of seasonal, fresh produce for that season which will be used  * not "set-it and forget-it" recipes  * slow-cooker secrets spread throughout  * spotlight on fruits and vegetables sprinkled throughout  * about 8 color images of recipes per season  * 100 recipes in all  * uses lots of wonderful spices and ingredients  * crockpot tips  If you want to cook some memorable, healthy and tasty meals in your crockpot, you should consider buying this book.  Your family will thank you.
2739 Our library mystery group read this novel this month and most of us loved it. Of the 11 of us, eight members of our mystery group want to read more books by this author which is a strong recommend. If readers had issues with the book, it was because the storytelling was somewhat circuitous. It wasn't straight-forward linear story-telling from the detective's point of view. There are different time periods and four cases which are being followed. The author delves into some of the character's pasts and psyches which I enjoyed.  The author is clearly very bright and her characters have interesting conversations. Jackson Brodie, as a private investigator, is one of the most quirky and endearing detectives in a novel. We found him delightful.  I saw the mystery series on TV before I read this book; it captured the whimsical flavor of the book. Suggest you read the books before seeing the series. This is one of my favorite reads this year and I'm looking forward to picking up the next book in the series ASAP.
2740 If your little one likes cats and likes dancing, this may be a four or five star read.  When Mandy sleeps at night, her cat Rupert, puts on her dance slippers and dances the night away.  Of course, the inevitable happens, and Mandy wakes one night and finds Rupert dancing.  Rupert is so embarrassed, he hides under the bed and refuses to come out.  How Mandy gets Rupert dancing again is why you keep reading.  Illustrations are fun.  3.5 stars
2741 With colorful illustrations by James Steinmeyer, this book demonstrates how you can decorate rooms in stages.  Stage one show in black and white drawings rooms with the large pieces of furniture placed.  Stage two illustrated in color a first layer of decorative items: lamps, upholstery, small occasional pieces and pillows.  Stage three adds accessories: books, flowers, art-work, personal items.  Then you see four variations on areas of the room like a tablescape or mantel.  There are three living rooms, two dining rooms, two bedrooms and three family rooms. Each room has a color palette and fabric combination. For folks who want to see how to create a room, this shows how to build it.  I use these illustrations in a design class I teach and students like it.
2742 If you would enjoy a colorful tale of a rooster who refused to be quiet, with humorous illustrations, pick this book up.  There's a noisy village called Le Paz which wants to quiet down.  It's just a tad too noisy:  engines hummed, dogs bayed, robins warbled, mothers crooned and everybody sang in the shower!  So, they elected a Mayor, Don Pepe, to quiet things down. But it was too quiet.  Like a tomb. 7 years passed and one day a rooster and his family appeared.  A rooster who liked to crow, and refused to pipe down?  What will happen to the singing rooster?  Will he be put in a cage?  Will he stop singing?  Or will the village discover that happy and noisy is better than quiet and sad?  Read to find out.  The illustrations are quite hilarious and fun to look at.  Children will learn the value of courage, and being true to who you are, even if you're a crowing rooster who likes to sing.
2743 A tapir is an actual animal.  The author saw one in Peru, and it inspired this story.  All of the animals in the jungle are competing to be the loudest, except for Tapir and little tapir who tiptoe, not wanting to be noticed.  They tiptoe even around ants, careful not to step on them.  Everyone leaves them alone, except the fierce leopard on the cover of this book.  But when a hunter with a gun shows up - bam - the leopard quits chasing them and learns how to tiptoe, too.  If your child isn't frightened by leopards and hunters with guns, they might enjoy this jungle story.  The illustrations are fun.
2744 If you like cherries mixed with dark chocolate and grains, you will probably enjoy these bars.  After eating one of these, I realized I like my chocolate straight up and prefer Kashi's bars with dark chocolate, almonds and sea salt, or without the sea salt.  These are 120 calories with 8g of sugar with added sugars 7.2g. That's a tad high at 30% of your daily value for sugars for one little bar. They are low in sodium - 75mg or 3% DV - which is positive.  Here's the ingredients: rolled whole grain blend (hard red wheat, oats, rye, triticale, barley), brown rice syrup, cherries (cherries, apple juice concentrate, red tart cherry juice concentrate), semisweet chocolate (cane syrup, chocolate liquor, cocoa butter, soy lecithin, vanilla), soy protein isolate, soy grits, dried cane syrup, chicory root fiber, cane syrup, honey, corn flour, expeller pressed canola oil, rice starch, vegetable glycerin, oat fiber, evaporated salt, kashi seven whole grains & sesame blend (whole: red wheat, oats, rye, barley, triticale, brown rice, buckwheat, sesame seeds), natural flavors, molasses, soy lecithin, whey protein isolate, almond flour, peanut flour.  I have to watch my sugar intake so prefer other bars and snacks.
2745 As a former preschool, kindergarten and elementary teacher, and reading consultant to high need schools, I recommend this phonics workbook for enrichment for children to do during the summer or when not at school.  It has a variety of activities involving phonics and short vowel words, beginning sounds etc.  I also like the Primary Phonics workbooks and readers once your child is sounding out short vowel words like cat, bug, dog, pig, bed etc.
2746 Sometimes you want sweet, sometimes you want salty. Sometimes you want a chip and sometimes popcorn sounds tasty. This Popcorners Kettle Popped Corn Chips combine all four wants into one light chip with great texture. The texture is kind of a bubbly, quilted texture which enhances the chips' appeal.  The kettle flavor is just the right amount of sweetness to me so it's not overpowering, yet you can taste a bit of saltiness, too. And the chips are fairly healthy, as they are lowfat, low sugar and low salt.  Ingredients listed on bag: enriched Yellow Corn {Yellow Corn, Niacin, Iron, Thiamine Mononitrate, Riboflavin, Folic Acid}, Sunflower Oil, Sugar, Sea Salt. The oil used is a healthy oil and like the use of sea salt instead of regular salt.  These are air popped with real corn. One bag has 140 calories and is low sodium (110 mg or 5% DV) and low sugar (3g), so they are relatively guilt-free. There are no artificial additives or preservatives and they are gluten free. This kettle is one of my favorite flavors and the only sweet flavor they make. I like the sea salt, too which tastes like salted popcorn.  Great to serve at a party for something a little different.
2747 If you like Kind bars think you will like these grains and granola bars.  Regarding the peanut butters bars, I'm always looking for tasty snack bars to take in my purse when I'm in class or running errands. These are low in sugar (only 6 g) and 150 calories. They are low in fat and sodium, too. They taste sweet and are chewy and delicious. Like that they include 5 grains and provide a whole grain serving. Ingredients include:  Ingredients: Whole grain blend (oats, brown rice, millet, oat flour, buckwheat, amaranth, quinoa), tapioca syrup, dried cane syrup, honey, coconut, canola oil, brown rice syrup, gum acacia, sea salt, Vitamin E (to maintain freshness).  If you are looking for a tasty, light snack that has some nutrition and is low in sugar and sodium, these are great to take with you.
2748 I think the preschool crowd would like this tale of a bear and bunny who are friends.  They enjoy the forest together, nap a lot together, talk about what they see, and one day decide they need a pet.  Would a caterpillar make a good pet?  Not really, they decide, because it mainly eats leaves.  They find a pet they like - they think it's a kitty. (Hint: it's not.)  Little children will love that they get their new pet wrong. Kids like to be smarter than the book they are reading. This is a gentle, easy book.  The illustrations remind me of the Michigan north woods where I lived when a teen.  They have a lovely pastel wash over them.  There is not a lot of drama in this book or central conflict.  It's just a sweet little story - great to read before bedtime with all of the napping in it.  You can talk about pets you would like.  A class could write a class story about what pet they would like to have and illustrate it.  4.5 stars
2749 If your child likes dress up dolls, this is a fun travel kit great to take on vacation or bring out to play at home. Kit contains two dolls - red-haired pig-tailed doll and wavy brown-haired doll with darker skin. 40 wooden magnetic wardrobe pieces are included. Here's a sampling of some of the school appropriate attire for the dolls:  * sweater with backpack * sweater vest * athletic jacket * heart sweater * running outfit * pleated skirts with leggings * kilt * gym clothes * drum majorette outfit * blue jeans * rain coat * winter jacket * purple dress * accessories such as panda hat, shoes, purse, boots * blue jeans  Like the fact that there are two dolls so child can use imagination and have the dolls talk to each other and share clothes. The price is good for the quality. This would make a great gift for birthday, or for the holidays, or for Grandma-Grandpa to have at their home as a special toy to bring out and play with. Like the idea one reviewer had regarding glue-gunning stronger magnets on the back of the accessories so they stay on better and putting the dolls on the frig to play with. 4.5 stars
2750 When a baby Wolfie lands on Dot the rabbit's family doorstop, Dot is worried the wolf will grow big and eat the family.  One day Dot is sure Wolfie is going to eat her when they go to the Carrot Co-op together, but Dot has the opportunity to save Wolfie's life and they become close siblings ever after.  The illustrations are adorable in this book.  If your little one would be worried about a wolf eating a rabbit, this might be too scary for them, but most mature kindergarten students and on up will find it amusing.
2751 Each bar is eight squares of intense dark chocolate. Each square is about 60 calories each. There are only 5g of sugar per 4 squares so these are low in sugar--total fat is 38% daily value for four squares. A square a day of this intense dark chocolate is satisfying and healthy. Nutritionist now recommend an ounce of 70% cacoa chocolate a day. It's a healthy and tasty treat. I prefer it room temperature. This is a non-guilty pleasure and a satisfying dark chocolate treat.
2752 I love rooms that are in shades of white or cream, although am not disciplined enough to stick to one color.  However, for those of you who are, you'll enjoy this book and the pictures in it.  The book also shows how to use white/cream as a base and then accent color as a lovely foil.  There are pictures of classic, country, cottage and modern styles.  A great resource for lovers of white rooms!
2753 If you like a thick, chunky and juicy salsa, this is tasty. Love it in tacos, on taco salads and as a dip in chips. There are more "gourmet" salsas with black beans and corn in them which are fun, but if you like a basic salsa, this one satisfies. This has actual chunks in it which I like, not just a "sauce" or liquid.
2754 If you like to watch light P.I. detective stories with humor and an exotic setting, this may be a series to sample. The setting is St. John's, Newfoundland with a father and son detective duo, Jake Doyle (Allan Hawco) and Malachy Doyle (Sean McGinley) combine talents to solve crime. The series is fast-paced with banter, some of it crass, with sexual innuendos.  Might want to watch it after the children go to bed.  There's an annoying ex-wife and attractive Constable Bennett (Krystin Pellerin) to add interest to the show.  Great to walk on the treadmill, too.  Like the colorfully painted houses, water scenes, and accents.
2755 The cover of this book is an enticing suggestion of the gorgeous content inside.  Photographed by one of the world's best photographer of homes, Andreas Von Einsiedel, the rooms, exteriors and landscapes in this book are riveting.  The book is divided into three sections: THE TOWN HOUSE with 3 homes, THE MANOR HOUSE with 3 homes, and THE COUNTRY HOUSE with 6 homes featured.  About 1/2 of the photos are full page and the other pages have descriptive text with small pictures.  The book is about 3/4 photos and 1/4 text which seems just right. It is a lovely book to read and peruse.  If you love Provencal style, you should not be disappointed.  It's one of my favorite design books in my library on this European country style.
2756 Sometimes you want sweet, sometimes you want salty. Sometimes you want a chip and sometimes popcorn sounds tasty. This Popcorners Kettle Popped Corn Chips combine all four wants into one light chip with great texture. The texture is kind of a bubbly, quilted texture which enhances the chips' appeal.  The kettle flavor is just the right amount of sweetness to me so it's not overpowering, yet you can taste a bit of saltiness, too. And the chips are fairly healthy, as they are lowfat, low sugar and low salt.  Ingredients listed on bag: enriched Yellow Corn {Yellow Corn, Niacin, Iron, Thiamine Mononitrate, Riboflavin, Folic Acid}, Sunflower Oil, Sugar, Sea Salt. The oil used is a healthy oil and like the use of sea salt instead of regular salt.  These are air popped with real corn. One bag has 140 calories and is low sodium (110 mg or 5% DV) and low sugar (3g), so they are relatively guilt-free. There are no artificial additives or preservatives and they are gluten free. This kettle is one of my favorite flavors and the only sweet flavor they make. I like the sea salt, too which tastes like salted popcorn.  Great to serve at a party for something a little different.
2757 I am teaching a workshop on Victorian style and reading about Queen Victoria's life.  I found this little gem which is like Victoria writing in her diaries about the events in her life looking back and her thoughts as they occurred.  It's a very pleasurable read and accessible on Queen Victoria.  It's not as dry as some of the biographies of Queen Victoria.  If you're interested in Queen Victoria, this is an engaging read.
2758 Pete loves bananas but gets a bad banana that is brown and mushy.  Suddenly, he loses his appetite for anything banana.  Pete turns up his whiskers at banana cream pie, banana bread and even a banana split.  Pete tries other foods to take the place of bananas - a yellow lemon which is too sour, a green pickle which is too bitter.  Will Pete ever eat a banana again?  Read this book to find out.
2759 We used this ketchup in the restaurant I worked in. However, if you check out the ingredients, there is HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP in this ketchup. HFCS is NOT healthy for you. Heinz makes an organic ketchup WITHOUT high fructose corn syrup. Am switching to that ketchup. Amazon carries the organic non-HFCS Heinz ketchup if you are interested.  If you google HFCS, you will read about the health issues behind eating HFCS. Am surprised Heinz uses it in their popular ketchups.  Ingredients: Tomato Concentrate From Red Ripe Tomatoes, Distilled Vinegar, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Corn Syrup, Salt, Spice, Onion Powder, Natural Flavoring  Check out Heinz Organic Ketchup if you want to avoid the High Fructose Corn Syrup. It has only 4g of sugar per serving which is low. It is recommended that you don't go over 50g of added sugar a day by the World Health Organization, so 4g is acceptable.
2760 The young girl in this story is determined to find a fox.  She wants to take a picture of it.  Little ones will have fun spotting the fox on most of the pages.  But the fox is often hiding in plain sight.  One time it looks like a raccoon!  The little girl lays out food to entice the fox.  But the fox is foxy and outfoxes her.  She about gives up, and suddenly she sees the fox!  Up close!  Now she has lots of fox photos.  We have an elusive fox on our property and in our woods.  We haven't found our fox, but this fox gets found finally in this story.  A humorous tale with engaging art - good for ages four through seven.
2761 We used to have a Lindt store at the mall.  They would let you come in and same a truffle or two to determine what you liked so you could take home an assortment.  Learned that everyone in the family had different tastes, but we all loved Lindt truffles.  Sometimes I'd just get this combination as the chocolates are always popular.  Like each of these flavors - although the dark chocolate is probably the healthiest with a higher % of cacoa.  These are a treat - smooth on the outside, creamy inside and delicious flavors.  Great to give as a host/hostess gift.
2762 Got this dog leash for my son's dog when he visits with his mutt.  It has a good grip, extends easily, latches easily and the bright yellow is good for night walks.  So far, we're happy with it. Note that support goes up to 66 pounds and extends 16 feet. We just got it so will report back after a few more walks.  Here's what the company wants you to know about this retractable leash:  Retractable leash - neat product and you still get to control how far your dog can go Ergonomic design - you will feel easier to walk your dog, and that make the entire process completely fun Ribbon leash and comfortable made material - it does NOT burn your skin when the dog gets tangled around your legs and it is easy to grab with your hands without causing rope burn Leash extends up to 16 feet (4.88 meters); Maximum pulling support up to 66 pounds (30 kilogram) Leash is made from reflective material which makes it easier to be spotted from afar  (review sample provided)
2763 My students and I enjoyed this humorous book about a peddler, some monkeys and monkey business.  The story is kind of old world and charming.  The illustrations are fun, and of course, the monkeys amuse.  You may want to get the school and library version.  It's a classic story which has charmed many children through the years.
2764 This was an easy set up.  It comes with a stand that allows it to sit above the platform that most HDTV's rest on. This allows me to put my TV on a smaller surface than other sound bars. Sound quality is good, better than the natural TV sound. I like that the controls are on the front of the unit, rather than on the back, as they are easier to access when you need them (rarely). There are lights on the front of the unit which I don't mind, but it may be a consideration for you with your particular home speaker setup. I also enjoy the included bluetooth capability, as it allows me to stream music from my phone while I'm in the kitchen making dinner.  Of all of its uses, this has been the most exciting and useful to me - obviously that is subjective.  One thing to note, I wasn't able to get sound to play from devices that are connected to my TV via HDMI cable (the sound plays through the TV speakers instead). This was using the cable that comes with the sound bar, and I haven't tried using red and white audio cables instead of the included cable. However, the sound bar does work well when I'm watching TV or listening to audio that's connected via component cable (red, green, blue one).  The quality is 5 star.
2765 If you can eat a handful of nuts a day, they are good for you. Love these Planters unsalted peanuts. Nutrition: 8g of protein, 1g of sugar, 5mg of sodium, 14g of fat. 170 calories per 28g serving.  Here's what the company says about them:  A Healthy Handful of Peanuts  Protein helps keep you satisfied. And peanutswhich are not actually nuts but, like peas and beans, are legumeshave seven grams of protein per oneounce serving. Fiber - Peanuts are a good source of dietary fiber, which can help keep you feeling full longer and can aid digestion. Not too many snacks contain fiber! Niacin is a B vitamin that the body uses to convert food into energy. A oneounce serving of peanuts delivers about 15% of the niacin you need each day. Vitamin E - A oneounce serving of peanuts delivers a good source of Vitamin E, an antioxidant that helps you protect cells from damage. Resveratrol - This plant compound with antioxidant properties is found in peanuts (especially high in peanut skins) as well as grapes. Many scientific studies are looking at its health benefits. Good Fats - Experts recommend limiting the intake of foods high in saturated fat and replacing them with foods high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturatedgoodfats. And 80% of the fat in peanuts comprise the good fats.
2766 If you are an anglophile, and enjoy British detective mysteries, this series is a classic.  Based upon the mystery novels of Colin Dexter, this series stays true to the tone and tenor of the books.  John Thaw as Morse is amazing.  Once you are through this series, you may want to sample the prequel series ENDEAVOUR (Morse's first name) to see a younger version of Morse.  But this Season 6 continues with the quality of the series.  Morse always has diverse mysteries to solve, centered around Oxford, England.  Morse has his own demons which make him impatient and brusque at times with poor Lewis.  It's fun to see his mind working.  There are five shows in this season with the plots summarized above.
2767 If you love chocolate and want a non-guilty pleasure, nutritionists recommend one oz. of dark chocolate above 70% per day.  As a friend said, chocolate is a vegetable--it's a bean!  I bought this bag of individually wrapped chocolates and have one for a tasty treat after dinner.  They are healthy and darkly rich and smooth.  I'm happy with one square, and frankly, it helps to have them individually wrapped so you can't keep breaking off small pieces of a large bar.  One square is about 75 calories--it's a thin larger square and is satisfying.  If you want to spoil yourself, or someone else, with something that is good for them, consider these chocolates!  I love them.
2768 There is a higher body count in this Inspector Morse than others.  The plot involves a church.  There's a love interest for Morse and we get infuriated at his bungling of that.  We so want Morse to find affection.  The plot is "wily" as one reviewer noted.  Just not sure where it was going, and that was a good thing.  I enjoyed a leisurely read of this, escaping into the Oxford world of Inspector Morse.
2769 This is a humorous story of the different viewpoints of a young girl and her dog Gigi.  Little girls like to dress up, dogs don't.  Little girls like to read in a small closet, dogs want out.  Little girls might like to be pushed in a laundry basket, dogs want to travel on their own four paws.  When Gigi the dog wants to be with the little girl's older sister, the young girl starts to see the world through her dog's eyes.  This book is a great conversation starter on empathy and care of our pets.  Parents and teachers can ask: how do you think a dog, or pet, wants to be treated?  Then you can ask the children to do their own illustrations of what makes their pet, or imaginary pet, happy and what makes them, the child, happy.  This would be an ideal book for inclusion in a teaching unit on pets, caring for others or happiness.  The illustrations are vibrant, colorful and charming in this book.  The author is a graphic designer and artist and creates illustrations which sparkle at you.  You see the love in the images.  There's a sweetness about them, as you can see in the cover of the book.  Hope the author continues to write and illustrate books.  This one is enchanting and indicates the potential of her talent.  As a former preschool and kindergarten teacher, I know my students would love to hear and talk about this story.  We could spend an hour on it with the accompanying class dictated story and art activities.  * review copy provided
2770 This book illustrates the adventures of a little white rabbit one day.  Little rabbit has quite an imagination.  He wonders what it would be like to turn green, and he turns green.  He wonder what it would be like to be tall as fir tree, and he turns tall.  He even imagines what it would be like to fly like a butterfly, and he's up in the air.  But suddenly little rabbit sees something which makes him hop home.  And home he goes to someone who loves him!
2771 If you're looking for a healthy substitute for soda and pop which aren't good for you, it's great to find a healthy and tasty substitute like this polar seltzer. It has no sugar and no calories. If you add 1/4 cup of juice or a squeeze of lemon to this seltzer it creates a healthy drink with some fizz and is calorie free to low calorie.  It's a very refreshing drink with no unhealthy ingredients. Great to drink cold with ice. You can put a little juice in it for a refreshing beverage, or use it in a smoothie. You can also add 1/4 cup of another juice such as orange juice or grape juice to make a mixed flavor, low-calorie drink.  If you want to lower the calories in fruit smoothies you make, one recipe I like is to add seltzer to one cup of frozen berries like raspberries-strawberries-blackberries-blueberries mix, with a banana and 1/2 cup lowfat, plain yogurt. It makes a low-calorie fruit smoothie. The yogurt provides protein which helps to keep you from getting hungry. Usually smoothie recipes have fruit juice in them - it's great to use this seltzer as a substitute as it has a mild flavor, no sugar and no calories.
2772 Great for children who are soon to start losing their baby teeth.  The illustrations are charming, and the story is fun.  My kindergarten-first grade classes enjoyed this story.
2773 This is a fun mystery for kids.  I was reading Nancy Drew in second and third grade and loved them.  This Old Clock one was good.  It is the first in the series.  It's a helpful introduction to Nancy and her attorney father.  I graduated to Agatha Christie in 5th grade but have fond memories of independent and smart Nancy Drew.
2774 Just took our pit bull, Whitney, to the vet after an altercation with a raccoon.  The vet said Whitney's teeth look great!  Whitney gets these Greenie dental chews as a snack quite regularly.  So, they are working for Whitney!  She gobbles them up and is always delighted to have them as a snack.
2775 A nutritionist recommended Kashi cereals to me as they're healthy and high in fiber and protein. I tried this GOLEAN Crisp version with cinnamon crumble and love it. It has naturally sweetened multigrain clusters. For 3/4 of a cup you get 10g of protein (equivalent to one egg), 9g of fiber which is 35% of daily value recommended, 20 whole grains and 190 calories.  I loved the subtle cinnamon taste and combination of textures. It makes a great kind of granola-y snack, too, and is fun to eat dry. The only consideration is it has 10g of sugar. Cheerios has about 5-6g of sugar to compare. A cup of milk has 12g. The nutritionist recommended staying around 6-8g of sugar in a breakfast cereal if you're trying to lose weight or eat low sugar foods. So, I rotate this with plain oatmeal with cinnamon and soy milk. It's a tasty, light breakfast treat.
2776 Non-fiction can be more entertaining than fiction and this book proves it.  It is the story of innovation through the genius of Tony Sarg who loved marionettes and through that love invented the beloved balloons over Broadway.  This book takes you through Tony's journey, his contact with Macy's in 1924 who wanted marionettes for their window.  Then wanted them for a parade for their immigrant workers.  Finally, the balloon idea, inspired by the blimps, blossomed.  For curious children, or children with imaginations, this book shows what is possible through the mind of one man.  Probably best for mature 4 and 5-year-olds through children 8 or 9.  Although I was fascinated by the story as an adult.  The illustrations are charming as well.
2777 I listened to an audio version of the book while I cooked and enjoyed it.  The author has a lyrical style and I enjoyed the cooking school as a vehicle to meet the different characters.  I enjoy novels of transformation, and it was fun to see how cooking together and learning together enhanced these character's lives.  All of the characters were likable - it was an upbeat, lovely story.  This novel may compel you to cook more or take a cooking class.
2778 I sent this to my niece for her birthday.  She is turning 5 years old, and LOVES Peppa Pig.  My brother said she likes it. Make that LOVES it!  Said it came with a teddy bear.  I also bought her some Peppa Pig dresses (for my niece to wear) and some Peppa Pig books.  Will let you know how Peppa holds up as my niece plays with her.
2779 f you have ever thought about starting up a small business, this book may motivate you to take the next steps. The author persuades: we don't exist to make others rich. There is a microbusiness revolution afoot. What's more valuable than money? Freedom says the author. The rules of work are being rewritten and having a side business oriented toward something you love to do makes sense. With all of the economic uncertainty, a side business can fund retirement, pay for extras or grow into a full-time business. His magic formula: passion or skill + usefulness = success.  Found his decision making matrix on page 86 useful which helps you evaluate possible opportunities you have to turn into a business. You rank them on a 5 point scale in terms of impact, effort, profitability, vision and fun and see how they compare numerically. The exercise may help you decide on a direction.  If you are thinking of starting up a small business to get paid to do something you love, this book should be thought-provoking, useful and motivating. I've started several small businesses (pre-school, educational consulting and home rentals) and found the information helpful. I think it would be especially helpful for a 20-30 something who may want to start a small business venture. 4.5 stars.
2780 If you have been entranced by Vermeer's paintings, and like to imagine a story behind them, this novel creates a fascinating but subtle story about the young woman with the pearl earrings. Who could she be? How did Vermeer know her? What is she thinking?  Author Tracy Chevalier makes her the servant girl in Vermeer's large household. In addition to her household duties, the artist Vermeer asks her to help him with his work. Grinding the powder to make paint, sixteen-year-old Griet, becomes enamored of the creative process and Vermeer's craft. The book deftly juxtaposes the magical and mysterious world of art with the messy reality of caring for a large family with limited funds. And Griet has her own life to contend with.  The book is written in language which complements the art; there's a sparseness but luminosity about the writing. We felt as if we were in 17th century Holland. You could feel the bleakness and the color. I once wondered if Vermeer's paintings really were that special compared to other art of the period. I visited an exhibition at the Metropolitan Art Museum in New York on art from the Netherlands, in which Vermeer's paintings were hung on the walls with other artists from this area and time period. Vermeer's works stood out in comparison. The detail, lines, light, color and radiance. You really saw they were exceptional. It's too bad Vermeer painted so few. This book will explain, in part, why. I loved it.
2781 This is a convenient picnic blanket tote.  Features to appreciate about it:  * it's extra large - 72 by 60 inches of coverage  * folds up to a small size - you can fold and zip up the blanket into a convenient carry tote that is 15 by 19 inches  * light weight to carry  * won't show dirt - attractive midnight blue color  * geometric print on one side - modern, neutral print which can appeal to all ages and tastes  * machine wash and dry - easy to care for  * handle to carry and pocket to store magazine or kindle in to take to the park  This is multi-purpose.  We take our pit bull to Prospect Park in Brooklyn, and this will be handy to carry with a picnic.  Also, may use on the sofa so when the dog climbs on, it keeps the soil and dog hair off the sofa.  Might stretch it over the back seat of the car for car trips with the dog.  Really like the appearance and features of this blanket tote.  It would make a nice gift for friends or family who like to go to park or take road trips.
2782 What a delightful film.  Enjoyed the dialogue, and Juliet Binoche is radiant, Clive Owen, charmingly flawed.  Really upbeat and fun.  It demonstrates the power of words quite convincingly.  Liked the prep school and Maine backdrop.  Felt like you were dropping in on these two characters' lives as they battled their demons.  It stimulates thought.
2783 If you or a loved one longs to travel to France, this calendar is a quick and inexpensive get-away. It offers a daily dose of colorful, visual delights of France from different regions. Each month a different region of France is highlighted with a representative town or city from Paris to Provence. Then daily scenes from the region are featured each day in small pictures with a larger photo at the top with background information on that area. The boxes for each day are large enough to write three to five appointments in.  This vibrantly colored calendar is printed on thick, glossy paper and is visually stunning. It totally exceeds my expectations. If you dream of French vistas, and can't travel to France right now, this calendar offers a daily dose of dreamscapes. Just seeing it each day brightens my day and I dream of France. It would make a lovely gift for a fellow Francophile.  The following regions, towns and cities are featured by month in this 2014 calendar:  JANUARY ~ Dordogne FEBRUARY ~ Ile-de-France MARCH ~ Cotes-d'Armor APRIL ~ Ile de Re MAY ~ Bordeaux JUNE ~ Finistre JULY ~ Loire AUGUST ~ Aix-en-Provence SEPTEMBER ~ Paris OCTOBER ~ Luberon NOVEMBER ~ Cote d'Azur DECEMBER ~ Charente-Maritime
2784 There are a lot of fun activities in here to encourage curiosity, initiative, and familiarity with the scientific process.  The pages are easy to read and follow with ample photos so you can see what to do.  There are eight chapters covering topics such as: plants and seeds, living things, water and ice, engineering and environmental science.  There are real life applications discussed and extensions of the experiment encouraged.  This book will definitely get children thinking.  It's great for homeschoolers, parents and teachers. It's hard to find safe science experiments for this age group.  This book has more than 100 ideas to sift through.
2785 I adore this mystery series with its vulnerable, flawed, whip-smart detective protagonist, original plots, fresh dialog, stunning scenery, lyrical and haunting music and authentic sets. Series that are based on actual novels--like this one based on Robert Parker novels--seem to have have more of a richness, and depth of detail that come from a 300 page book vs. a script that was written in a few weeks for a weekly series. In any series, one is going to prefer some shows over others and this one I felt needed a tad more "denouement"--in which the crime is explained, the villain unmasked etc--as my writing instructor would say.  It just ended more abruptly than I would have wished. The main story line itself was pretty intriguing, but when it ended, found myself thinking, now what happened?  Of course, this may be more like real life so others may prefer this more sudden end.  It may just be a matter of taste.  This is worth watching--see what you think of how it comes together at the end....
2786 Bought this Bodum bistro mug and use it for smoothies.  It keeps the beverage cold and you can see what you are drinking.  Although I have bumped it as recently as last week, it didn't break for me.  Would get another one again.  I put it in the dishwasher for easy washing and it washes up fine.
2787 Dell U2415 Monitor - 5 Stars Extremely thin bezel Great image quality - I barely did any tuning out of the box I strongly prefer its 1920x1200 resolution to standard 1920x1080 picture - you get a more square screen with more vertical real estate Can adjust height, rotate 90 degrees left or right and tilt forward or back Reliability of these monitors is excellent The monitor stand snaps right in and out which makes transporting this monitor much easier. Cool touch buttons on the bottom of the monitor - but they are a little finicky. Biggest gripe with the monitor - make sure you have the right kind of connection somewhere on the back of your computer. This monitor does not come with an HDMI cable or a DVI cable. It only comes with a DisplayPort to Mini Display port. These are not common connectors so you may need to buy an HDMI cable, and if your computer cannot connect to an HDMI cable then you may need to buy a DVI/HDMI adapter.
2788 As an Inspector Morse fan, Oxford always holds a mystique for me.  What would it be like to attend the University and teach there?  This book answers those questions partly.  The author attended, and then later taught in the English department.  As one gets older, biographies are often more interesting than fiction as the events really happened.  The autobiography answers how that person got from A to Z.  John Carey didn't come from a wealthy, literate family.  Through his own intelligence and hard work he attained his positions: professor, author and book reviewer.  While I would have liked more about life in the classroom at Oxford, this book did offer some insights into Oxford life.  Carey tells us that Oxford now is very different than when he attended as a student.  It is a worthy read.
2789 Kind of an intense song with a good beat.  When you want something to perk you up, play this.
2790 I don't have grandchildren. I have a granddog, my son's pit bull Whitney. I like to spoil her with treats when my son isn't looking but she gains weight and leaves treat crumbs around. She has gained 2-3 pounds. I saw that vets carry these and recommend them.  So, was looking for healthy treats which would be good for her girlish figure. Sent these to my son. Here's his response:  "We got them last night and gave her some. She went nuts for them."  I figure Whitney will get more treats when I'm not around if they don't cause her to gain weight.
2791 Amusing story about super-smart baby.  But even the smartest babies want their mommy occasionally - especially when they go into outer space.  There's nothing wrong with early learning, either, as long as there's no pressure.  I taught my babies from birth, and had an early learning program for children 16 months through 3 years.  Also taught a 4 and 5-year old kindergarten where our students averaged 99% on the Stanford Achievement tests for first grade.  Our educational system is behind much of the world and so are our test scores.  Children love to learn - they can learn foreign languages in a few months when it takes adults years to learn them.  Their minds are absorbent, and the more you expose them to, the more their neural tunnels grow.  My sons loved learning.  I never had to remind them to do their homework.  They got 5's on 15 AP tests, one scored perfect on math S.A.T. and G.R.E. and got a PhD in economics and teaches it.  The other graduated from NYU with degrees in economics and finance.  I didn't like the part about the dad tickling the baby.  That's a kind of torture for defenseless kids.  It's annoying.  Does anyone like to be tickled?  I don't.  Other than that, I liked the book.  However, it's fine to expose your baby to music, books, museums, fine art, letter sounds, counting etc.  But make it fun and a joyous experience.  No pressure.
2792 This is an imaginative and original story with humor children ages six on up would enjoy.  Not sure I'd read this story to preschoolers or most kindergarten students who still might be afraid at night or have nightmares.  Why?  Small Blue in the story pictures what she's afraid of.  Mature elementary age children will LOVE the artists pics of what she's afraid of. Hairy spiders kind of thing. Big Brown in the story tries to tell her what she thinks might be out there might be something else very humorous and non-threatening like instead of warty witches which she pictured, maybe it's a retired pirates sock-knitting jamboree.  Adults will enjoy the humor, too.  Actually would have liked the book to have been longer to see more of the funny things Big Brown came up with.  This could be a fun read-aloud in a second grade class.  Maybe best NOT to read it just before bedtime unless your little one never gets afraid of the dark. Humorous and imaginative, this will delight kids with a sense of humor.
2793 This has a moody, murky atmosphere.  The parallel of the earlier drowning of a brother, and the later drowning of the husband of a main character create a kind of haunting connection.  Are they connected?  It doesn't help that Kincaid is attracted to the woman, a possible suspect.  This is a fun read in the continuing development of Duncan's detecting prowress.  You do want to tell him not to become emotionally involved with his suspects!
2794 One cup serving of this cereal is 120 calories, 0g saturated fat, 8% DV sodium, 1gsugar, 4% DV potassium and 25% DV vitamin A.  It is also 25% vitamin C, 50% iron, 50% folate, 25%B6 and Niacin.  And it has more antioxidant qualities than blueberries, so it's a healthy cereal.  The flavor just tastes like a grain to me - very similar to Cheerios but seems healthier.  We like to put a banana or berries with it to amp up the flavor.  For a healthy cereal to start the day which is fairly filling and nutritious, you may want to sample this one.
2795 The life of a penny is featured in this book.  He's a proud penny.  He has been everywhere: Philadelphia (where he was born in 1983), Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami, Puerto Rico, and Portland, Maine and Oregon.  He has had many adventures.  He didn't like the year he spent on the floor of a garage in Green Bay or in a sewer drain in a busy street.  He has bounced around in washing machines many times, and sucked up in vacuum cleaners.  Children will enjoy thinking about the life of a penny as they read this story.  He likes Lincoln who is on his front and the Lincoln Memorial on his back.  He quotes Lincoln: "whatever you are be a good one".  That's a good motto for life for children to think about.  Lincoln is his favorite president.  At the end of the story, he just got grabbed.  Maybe he will come to your house sometimes.  This is an upbeat story children will enjoy.  You can use it to then count some pennies, and teach the value of coins: pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters etc.  You can do some addition and subtraction problems with them, using pennies as counters.  This book makes pennies irresistible.  The illustrator uses mainly line type drawings with the colorful penny taking center stage on each page.  Afterwards you could do some art projects with pennies by gluing them on cardboard paper and drawing around them.  A class could write a story about being a penny and the adventures that penny might have.  Age wise this book might be most interesting to mature four-year-olds to children in 2nd grade.  It's an original tale, heads and tails.
2796 I found the regular Heinz ketchup contains high fructose corn syrup, so have switched to this organic Heinz ketchup. The ingredients look healthy, and it's low in sugar. What's not to love:  Ingredients: Organic tomato concentrate from red ripe organic tomatoes, organic distilled vinegar, organic sugar, salt, organic onion powder, organic spice and natural flavoring.  A serving only has 4g of sugar, 8% of DV salt, and 20 calories. It is non-GMO says the company. It has zero fat and cholesterol obviously.  Good job, Heinz!
2797 Accessible survey of Queen Victoria's life.  It outlines the major events and characters in her life.  If you know little about Queen Victoria, this is a good place to start.
2798 I read about this product in a diet book.  It is like a drinkable yogurt although this plain variety, I prefer to put in fruit smoothies with one cup frozen berries, one banana and 1/2 cup kefir and seltzer water to cover the fruit.  It is probiotic with 12 active bacteria cultures.  And it is high in protein so it keeps you from getting hungry.  I get the flavored fruit varieties of this for when I don't have time to make a smoothie in the morning.  But this unflavored plain is lower in sugar and great for smoothies.
2799 Visually stunning.  Creative adaptation of Marie Antoinette's life.  Liked it, but didn't love it.  Costumes were the best part for me.
2800 What to love about this measuring cup:  * comfortable handle  * holds four cups  * dishwasher safe  * clear numbering in dark black  So far I love this cup measurer.  It's lighter weight than the glass ones I have, and easier to see the measurements on it.  And the handle is much more comfortable.
2801 This is a charming teapot with a pink butterfly on top. Between two to three cups of tea fit in it. Features we like about it:  * clear glass to watch the tea brewing and determine the color of the strength of tea you like  * heat resistant glass  * no drip spout  * dish-washer top rack or hand clean  * microwave safe  * easy to grasp handle  The owner of Tea Beyond designed this teapot. I liked the design at the bottom. It's an attractive and handy little teapot excellent for a cup or so of tea to have alone or share with a friend.  * sample provided for review
2802 Don't expect anything and you might enjoy it.  Appreciated Zeta-Jones playing the narcissistic beautiful movie star and John Cusack as her poor suffering husband who eventually rebels.  Julia Roberts plays the ugly sister.  A fun escape. 3.5 stars
2803 If you like crunchy, chocolate oat flavor, you might love these bars. I tried one tonight for the first time. These are good. They do tend to crumble when you bite into them. 2 bars have 12g of sugar. However, if you eat one bar, 6g of sugar isn't too bad. It's like a cup of Cheerios. And only 95 calories. A nutritionist said try to stay under 7-8g of sugar in a bowl of cereal. You can have 50 added grams of sugar a day says the World Health Organization.  Here's the ingredients in these bars:  Whole Grain Oats, Sugar, Canola Oil, Dark Chocolate Pieces (Chocolate Liquor, Sugar, Soy Lecithin, Natural Flavor), Honey, Yellow Corn Flour, Soy Flour, Brown Sugar Syrup, Cocoa, Salt, Natural Flavor, Soy Lecithin, Baking Soda. Contains Soy, Almond, Peanut And Pecan Ingredients.  These are low in sodium 6%DV and 3g of Fiber. Zero cholesterol, 10% Carbohydrate DV.  So, these are fine as an occasional snack if you can eat just one.
2804 Would this fall into the British cosy mystery genre? There's nothing lurid about the story, so if you like more genteel murders, this may be your cup of Earl Grey. A young woman's body is discovered in the bushes of a manor home when Aunt Dido is visiting her niece whose fiance has suddenly and mysteriously decamped. Are the two incidents connected?  The author reads old archives and journals and is able to convincingly recreate 1805 England for us. That is the feature I enjoyed most about this book. If you like Jane Austen or Georgette Heyer, it has the same kind of setting. The pace is leisurely like the times in which the events occur. Aunt Dido is a likable character who grows on you. 3.5 stars
2805 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  However, to maximize your enjoyment, you should read De Blasi's A Thousand Days in Venice first to fall in love with her and her Venetian banker.  That book is one of my favorite books I've read in the past 10 years--especially if you like travel, Italy, are a bit of a romantic, enjoy reading about someone's life that equals any good fiction. She and her banker are an original and live adventurously, and you get to travel along with them in their minds which is a treat.  Once you've read A Thousand Days in Venice, which has the central conflict of the Venetian banker meeting her and courting her, which is a delicious plot, then you'll enjoy A Thousand Days in Tuscany and this narrative on their home in Umbria.  It's really a trilogy, and best if you meet them first in Venice.  To jump into this book without the preceding ones might be off-putting unless you're an Italianophile or a chef or love Umbria. One needs the first introductions to properly fall in love. The evolution of their relationship and life is what draws you in and helps you enjoy the subtle magic. I just bought her book on Siciliy today and will enjoy a visit with them there.  Go to Venice first, then Tuscany, then Umbria with this enchanting couple!
2806 Our library poetry group is feasting on this collected bounty of original thought.  We have such fun unwrapping each poem until we arrive at its essence.  And what fun to posit maybe the author meant this, no this, but perhaps that. Each poem seems like a spool of meaning we're unspooling, or like origami we're opening to see how it was constructed.  A mystery in meter.  Our prof, who is a poet himself, describes Wilbur and his poetry as "courtly and civilized".  There's a fresh optimism in his verse.  Wilbur said he doesn't like to project torment.  He finds angels in laundry billowing on the line and says he doesn't have much truck with angels who aren't in the laundry.  How can you not love that sentiment,  the willingness to find heaven thriving on earth, in cynical times?  You can't wait to see how he takes the ordinary stuff of life which surrounds us and whip it into a metered meringue. You will be enchanted. It's great fun to read and discuss in a group. Bona fide brilliance for sure.
2807 Amazing story of Lewis Michaux and his Harlem bookstore.  The bank wouldn't loan him $$ because they said blacks wouldn't buy books and read, but Michaux saved his money. Soon his bookstore became a mecca for black leaders, as well as neighborhood readers.  This story is told from the son's perspective.  There is a scene indicating Malcolm X gets shot.  So, this book is best for probably children 8 years old and older.  Love the illustrations which suit the story.  They are works of art.
2808 This story had me giggling.  Don't know what is so comic about pigeon, but he is funny.  And he says funny stuff.  In this story pigeon wants to drive the bus and the bus driver, who is taking a break, says he can't.  Pigeon begs, pleads, bribes...kids will love it.  Yep, this is a kid-pleaser and you will giggle at pigeon, too.  What fun!
2809 Bought this for my friend's daughter who just turned 5.  She likes it.  It arrived late - about 3 weeks after its due date.  Summer was about over in late July.  It was due by the 7th of July at the latest. I should have cancelled it as she will only get a couple of months wear out of it as I suspect it will be too small next summer. I ordered this dress in May.  So, order early if you want it by the summer.  It looks like it fits now based on picture below.  She turned 5 in May.
2810 If you want a little exotic in your mystery, you may wish to sample this first mystery set in Venice of the Commissario Brunetti mysteries. A murder occurs at the Venetian La Fenice Opera House and there are plenty of suspects with motives and means in the cast and victim's life.  Our library mystery book discussion group selected this book and all agreed it served up a delectable mix of ingredients: cultured and appealing detective, original plot, crisp writing, fascinating and believable characters, and a textured and atmospheric setting. We loved it!  Some of my favorite scenes are between Brunetti and his pompous, faintly stupid boss, who doesn't even know when he's being insulted by Brunetti. It is amusing to see the number of ways Brunetti pierces the man's arrogance. You will relish when Brunetti's boss enters the page so the fun can begin. Another amusing character is Padovani, the critic, who delivered a number of delicious lines in the book--hope he appears in future books.  Although this is the author's first book, it doesn't have that awkward first book feel--her talent is evident from the beginning. This mystery tantalized us all enough we want to read more of this series. Although my first love is English mysteries, when I want an escape to a more exotic locale, this series set in Italy promises to delight.
2811 Ever wonder what a "chaise and four" is in Austen's novels?  Or a barouche?  This annotated edition explains that and much more.  If PRIDE AND PREJUDICE is one of your favorite novels, as it is mine, this annotated version is a welcome read.  It includes 2300 annotations which explain historical context, citations from Austen's letters and other writings, definitions and classifications, illustration, literary comments and analysis and maps.  As this book points out, understanding the nuances behind words, actions and customs helps the reader enjoy the "psychological interplay", satire and irony of Austen and her beloved characters.  One one page is the text by Ms. Austen and on the opposite page are definitions, explanations, analysis and illustrations.  So, if there is a question in your mind on what you read, you usually will find an explanation handily across the facing page to clarify things.  It's like taking a course on Austen and on this novel.  There is a number next to a word of text and you can find the same number with an explanation attached on the facing page so you don't have to turn pages, look at the bottom of the page, or go to the end of the book. Your eyes just move across the page. The annotated notes makes this book nicely thick.  The editor of the annotations tells us that Jane Austen was fond of this, her most widely-read book, and referred to it as "my darling child". It is my favorite of Austen's novels and I enjoyed this annotated version which provides depth and insight into the novel and era.
2812 A delightfully imaginative book about an imaginary garden in which amazing things grow: chocolate bunnies, jelly beans, flowers which change colors, buttons, umbrellas and carrots which hide so you don't have to eat them.  The air is filled with butterflies, too!  This would make a charming story to read in the spring to your class and then write a class story about what they would like to grow in THEIR gardens and draw a picture of it.  Then you could plant some seeds and watch them grow.  Love this book and the seashell budding at the end!
2813 This is a humorous and appealing story of a bear who is sitting on the mouse's chair.  And the mouse can't get his chair back.  The illustrations are hilarious.  The mouse gives the bear a nasty glare, even jumps up in his underwear (kids will like that - they find underwear funny), but the bear just sits there.  Finally, the mouse gives up and goes away.  It's not fun to sit in the mouse's chair anymore, without the mouse to annoy.  And where did that mouse go anyway?  Revenge is sweet!  Karma is alive and kicking.  This has fun rhymes, and will be amusing for children and adults.  I loved it!
2814 If you are planning on traveling to Europe, or happy to be at home viewing Europe through your screen without the inconvenience of customs, weather, being in a foreign land, Samantha Brown is the perfect guide and travel companion to show you around.  She is fun, low-key, knowledgeable and seems to know scenic sites to visit.  She is very appealing and enhances rather than dominates the landscape.  I love to get on the treadmill and walk to each of these tours.  They take just over 20 minutes.  Warning: you may get hungry seeing some of the food, but at least it's not there in front of you to tempt you.  A friend's 20-something daughter recommended this travel series.  So, it can appeal to all ages.  You learn a lot in every segment.  I can watch them more than once as each time you catch different details.  See the world with Samantha Brown.  It is great these are free to watch with a prime membership.
2815 If you are looking for a tasty, low-calorie drink that is a mix of fruit and vegetable juices, this is tasty.  It is 50 calories for a cup.  There are 6 cups per bottle.  Each cup offers 10g sugar and 15% vitamin A, and 100% vitamin C.  There is no corn syrup or sugar added.  There is added sucralose, so will take off a few stars for that.  I am extremely wary of added sucralose.  If you are watching calories and sugar, better to get the regular, non-light version of this drink and just add seltzer to it which diminishes the calories.  I actually pour about a cup of seltzer into a glass with ice cubes and add 1/8 to 1/4 cup of the regular peach mango for a refreshing, healthy and very low-calorie, low-sugar drink with no added sucralose.  Better for you I think.
2816 Mother Bear is sure about many things.  She is sure bears sleep in the winter.  She is sure the moon and stars will be there when they wake up in the spring.  She is sure the hills will be there to roll down in the snow.  Mother Bear is sure toast will be there for a delicious snack when Little Miss Bear wakes up in the spring.  Mother Bear sure knows how to comfort Little Miss Bear in her yellow room.  This is a fun night time story which will help a little one to go to sleep. The illustrations are vibrant and fun to took at.
2817 I woke up several mornings in our guest room (to try out the bed) with itchy red patches on my neck.  My southern grandmother used to have a saying about life: "If it isn't fleas, it's bedbugs."  I thought bedbugs had become extinct along with the Black Plague, but what else could be causing this?  My college roommate was coming the next week to stay in this room so I had to act quickly. I looked for bedbug remedies online and found this mattress covering at Amazon.  This mattress cover was so reasonably priced compared to others I'd looked at I was concerned perhaps the quality was lacking, but I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived that it was fine. It's lightweight and breathes--do support the mattress when you're putting it in the covering. It is super value for the price and seems to get the job done--will probably order more for all the mattresses in our house. My roommate had a great visit (with no complaints) and I haven't had any red patches since. I've since learned the U.S. has had a bedbug epidemic because people aren't using chemical pesticides as much which makes me feel better about my housekeeping. Why purchase an ordinary mattress cover for the home when you can get one that is dust/mite/bug proof for the same price or less? I also bought pillow covers from the same company for our beds and have loved them as well.
2818 These are great for left-overs or storing soups and salads. BPA safe and dishwasher safe on top shelf.  I use these a lot!
2819 This is a sweet BBQ sauce. It tastes good if you like sweet sauces. However, nutritionists and doctors recommend staying away from high fructose corn syrup and this sauce lists it as the first ingredient. A family member bought this without reading the label, so we'll be throwing it out. Too much corn syrup does nasty things to your body - there are BBQ Sauces which are healthier. This one lists it as a primary ingredient:  High Fructose Corn Syrup, Distilled Vinegar, Tomato Paste, Honey, Modified Food Starch, Contains less than 2% of: Salt, Pineapple Juice, Natural Smoke Flavor, Spices, Caramel, Color, Sodium Benzoate as a Preservative, Molasses, Garlic, Corn Syrup, Sugar, Tamarind Natural Flavor.  It also has 15g of sugar in 2 tablespoons which is high and 70 calories. If you only like sweet BBQ sauces, then they may be high in sugar and corn syrup. There are tangier sauces which contain no corn syrup and are lower in sugar.
2820 I just read a mystery novel in the Shetland series, so wanted to see one of the films. Douglas Henshall, as Jimmy Perez, captures the deep, kindly, intelligent detective in character if not in appearance. In the mystery novel series, Perez has Spanish blood and coloring: dark brown hair and eyes.  But the film series location is how the Shetland Islands are portrayed. And the setting and sense of place is palpable in the books and a huge attraction in the series. This film series is quality, and equals the fine caliber of the books. You do have to train your ears to understand the accents. If you like British mysteries, think you will enjoy this series in book and film.
2821 This has five simple ingredients in it: sugar, cocoa, nonfat milk, salt and natural flavor.  One serving - an envelope of 27g - to put in 8 oz milk has 12g of sugar plus the natural sugar in a cup of milk which is 12g.  Nutritionists recommend staying under 50g of added sugar a day, so this is 1/4 of that.  It has 0 cholesterol, and is lowfat at 2% of your DV.  It is 110 calories, or 230 calories added to the milk.  If you want a quick, instant cocoa that is tasty, this serves it up.  If you want something with less calories, would just use Hershey's cocoa at 10 calories a tsp and add stevia, a natural sweetener, which is no calorie.  So your cup of cocoa is about 120 calories with plain cocoa and stevia and lowfat milk, instead of 230 calories of this Swiss Miss.  Both are tasty.
2822 Love this Classico tomato and basil pasta sauce.  It has a great texture and taste.  Here's the ingredients list:  Tomato Puree (Water, Tomato Paste), Diced Tomatoes (Tomatoes, Tomato Juice, Citric Acid, Calcium Chloride), Contains <2% Of: Salt, Garlic, Basil, Olive Oil, Granulated Garlic, Spices.  One serving (1/2 cup) offers 15% vitamin A and is 45 calories.  It also has 17% of your daily sodium which seems a little high.  Yet, the ingredients list say less than 2% of the ingredients is salt.  Not sure why that is.  This is a good go-to sauce for pasta and other Italian dishes.  I like to mix spaghetti sauce with vegetable juice (like V8) and pour it on sliced eggplant which I've baked for 20 mins. in a 400 degree oven for 20 minutes.  After spooning the sauce-juice mix onto the eggplant, I sprinkle grated cheese on and put it back in the oven at 375 degrees for about 15 more minutes.  What a tasty and easy dish.
2823 I look for sauces to use on meats which are healthy for you. Found some BBQ sauces with no HFCS.  This sweet chili sauce has, unfortunately, sugar and high fructose corn syrup among the first three ingredients listed.  We know what is wrong with sugar.  A nutritionist told me to think of sugar as poison, eat as little as possible.  But what's wrong with High Fructose Corn Syrup?  "High fructose corn syrup (HFCS) is a type of sugar that has been processed and combined with corn syrup to produce a cheap, easily dissolvable sweetener. But this sugar is quickly absorbed by the liver where it is converted into fat. Since your brain doesn't recognize HFCS as regular food, it never shuts off the appetite center -- so you keep eating. Blood sugar levels rise, massive amounts of insulin is recruited to metabolize it and then you crash and feel hungry again. It is found in soft drinks, fruit juices, salad dressings and baked goods. Read the food labels of products in your pantry and refrigerator and throw out all products that contain HFCS." (See below Dr. Andrew Weill's and Michael Pollan's thoughts on why it's bad for you and the planet.)  So, can't use this Sweet Chili sauce.  Looking for something healthier.
2824 Have been looking for a tasty, low-sugar barbeque sauce to use on meats. We eat a lot of ground turkey as a substitute for beef. Discovered if you put sauces or seasonings on it, you can't tell the difference. Love to make a sloppy joe of ground turkey, green pepper, onions and barbeque sauce on a toasted whole grain bun. Found this barbeque sauce at Amazon and ordered it for Christmas. It is deliciously tangy, not too sweet, and a thinner sauce than some of the thick ones. We love it. Saw that Open Pit barbeque sauce lists high fructose corn syrup as a primary ingredient. This has NO high fructose corn syrup and less than .5% of corn syrup. It is low in sugar at 4g per serving of 2 tablespoons which is 25 calories.  The company info proudly says it contains NO high fructose corn syrup:  "Stubb prided himself on making the best barbecue around, and he knew that the only way to do that was to use nothing but quality ingredients. That's why Stubb's line of sauces, marinades and rubs are made right with quality, gluten free ingredients, and contain no high fructose corn syrup."  Here's the ingredients list: Water, Tomato Paste, Cane Sugar, Distilled Vinegar, Molasses, Tapioca Dextrin, Salt, Brown Sugar, Spices, non-GMO Corn Starch, Contains less than 0.5% of: Onion, Paprika, Garlic, Chile Powder, Natural Smoke Flavor, Guar Gum, Xanthan Gum, Corn Syrup, Tamarind.
2825 I love this song in English, and it's equally riveting in Italian.  Lara speaks Italian so sings it effortlessly.  The music is haunting, and Italian is a sensuous language which adds to the lushness of the song.  Lara Fabian is one of my favorite female vocalists of all time. She is original.
2826 These colorful silicon whisks are a useful and colorful addition to any kitchen. What we like about them:  * two sizes (8 in. and 10.5 in.) ~ great for little jobs like whisking scrambled eggs or bigger jobs like batters for pancakes or muffins  * whisks well ~ the BPA-free plastic is firm and fairly thick on the whisk  * easy and comfortable to hold with plastic handles  * more flexible in a bowl than wire and gets into curves  * easy to wash ~ dishwasher safe or wash up easily by hand as liquids and batters slips right off with water  * temperature safe ~ can use on stove top when you're making a flour roux, soup or gravy  * durable ~ won't warp or crack etc.  * easy to spot in the drawer with the vivid color  These would make a fun shower gift or first home gift.  (sample provided for review)
2827 Just watched this movie again with a friend who hadn't seen it.  If you like a modern noir legal thriller set in L.A. that is a bit Chandleresque, you should enjoy this latest enactment of Michael Connelly's book brought to life. Inspired casting and screenwriting, cinematography and direction made this movie pulse.  I hope they produce more of Connelly's books as movies.  Connelly is a masterful storyteller who worked as a reporter in L.A. and his books offer up an authentic slice of L.A. detective life.  I would like to see Mickey Haller again on the big screen.
2828 With collage art and kids' humor, this is an entertaining story of a talking dog named RRRalph.  His name sounds like his bark.  Well, sometimes.  Sometimes it sounds like ROOF if you ask him where are you when he's on top of his dog house.  Or if you might say ROUGH ROUGH if you ask him how the path feels on his paws.  You get the idea. This would be a fun read-aloud for a classroom or library group ages 2-6.
2829 This book succeeds on every level - fabulous illustrations with the dark background and expressive animals.  Fun plot about being scared at night by animals which you wouldn't think would get scared such as a wolf, a bear, a skunk.  Engaging plot as children wait to see which animals is going to be afraid and show up next.  Fun climax when everyone runs off afraid of nothing, it turns out.  You can use the book to show sometimes we are afraid when we shouldn't be.  This would be a great bedtime story as your child will feel superior to all of the animals who are afraid when he/she knows they shouldn't be.  A preschool - first grade classroom would enjoy it, too.  Although you have to be careful of not downplaying REAL dangers in the REAL world, so it's a fine line to walk.  Maybe best read at home by parents.
2830 These pencils would be a fun gift for those who are into the adult coloring craze.  Not that adults only can enjoy them.  They leave a clear color and are smooth to use.  You can sharpen them easily, unlike a crayon.  The case is great, too.  It's light weight and thin so easy to store and carry.  Only suggestion for improvement for the company, is to write the color of the pencil on it if that wouldn't increase the cost too much.  It probably would so not worth it.  But you can't tell on a few colors what color it is from the tip.  With others, the color is very identifiable.  These would make a wonderful gift for the holidays and birthdays for folks who like to color.
2831 As a phonics teacher, I'm always on the lookout for original ABC books to teach letter sounds.  This book teaches the sounds through pasta types: spaghetti, rigatoni, fettuccini, linguini and zita etc.  This would be a fun read for a kindergarten or first grade class.  Then you can do an art project with the different shapes of pasta.  As a former K-Ist Grade teacher, we used to glue pasta to a wreath shape or cone shape and spray them gold around the holidays.  Very pretty!  Or you can color dye pasta with food coloring, and decorate a Christmas Tree shape.  Or an Easter egg shape of cardboard.  You need something thick for the pasta to glue to.  There are many pasta art projects you can do. Just google pasta art projects.  You can do counting exercises with pasta such as put two pasta on a small paper plate, add two more.  How much does that equal?  2+2=4.  Or do take away problems.  This book can be a fun catalyst for using pasta in the classroom.  Of course, you can introduce Italy and some Italian words through the use of pasta.  It's great to introduce young children to another language, culture and country.  Maybe you can find an Italian who can come in and teach the children how to say the pasta names with a real Italian accent!  Children love big, fun words like vermicelli.  They remember them, too.  I liked that they used real photos of pasta in the illustrations - very creative.  This book opens up a lot of learning fun.  Great for the Kindergarten, First Grade and possibly four-year-old preschoolers.  Fun to read at home, and then cook some pasta.  Try a new Italian recipe each night of the week with pasta.
2832 Froggy has fun at camp doing the usual camp things.  On the way home, he sings a song with some bathroom humor.  Not sure that's a good example for kids.  Otherwise, a fun Froggy book.
2833 My son had a moth problem in his pantry.  He put these out and caught about 5 moths in each trap.  These were helpful in helping to resolve his moth problem.
2834 If you like white cheddar popcorn, you may love this transformation of it into an easy to eat chip that is low in fat and sodium. Only 130 calories per serving, it's a great snack for parties and healthier than potato chips.
2835 These are extremely reasonably priced.  Much better price than what you would pay in most stores.  They work well and are a great product for the price.  If you get liquid under them, some of the rubber will come off.  Keep your beverage of choice away from them.
2836 The black and white graphics are cute in this book.  Mr. Panda is cooking up something, but none of the animals are willing to wait except a little penguin.  This book teaches that good things often come to those who wait.  Little Penguin gets a BIG treat from Mr. Panda for his patience.  He is bowled over with joy!  This would be a great conversation starter about what we need patience for:  to learn to ride a bike, to study and work hard to get good grades, to save up for something worthwhile, to grow a garden or vegetables, to learn something new, to play an instrument, to speak a foreign language etc. It would be fun to write a class story on what each pupil is using their patience and waiting for.  And then they can draw a picture of it.  This would be a good book for preschool through first grade.  You could do an art project of a panda or a peguin, or a black and white collage.
2837 This gourmet French grey salt is fun to cook with. It has a concentrated but subtle flavor and a thicker texture than table salt. You need less as 1/2 tsp is 16% of your daily salt allowance. It has no anti-caking agents. It is unprocessed and sourced for purity. Other features to love about it according to San Francisco Salt Company:  * 100% Natural French Grey Salt ~ no trace minerals * Preferred salt choice by the top chefs in France and around the world * Carries the 'Nature & Progrs' certification label from France. * Hand harvested salt, using techniques more than a thousand years old * Mild flavor, suitable for adding flavor to a wide variety of dishes  You can feel like you are a graduate of the Cordon Bleu using this salt. I put some in a turkey chili I made recently and a chicken-rice-vegetable soup tonight and it tastes great.  The company has a handy bamboo, magnet-closing tub to pour it into if you want to take it out of the self-sealing bag it comes in. You may wish to order that, too, if you cook a lot and like putting a pinch of gourmet salt into dishes.
2838 Really enjoyed this film.  I'd read about the Gary Powers capture in history classes but didn't know the story behind the story.  Mark Rylance and Tom Hanks were brilliant.  Wonderful sets and re-creation of the 1950's.  It was fascinating.
2839 Children will love finding the Gingerbread Baby when he runs away from the town folk when they think they want to eat him!  Mmmm, gingerbread smells so good.  The gingerbread instruments have already disguised themselves quite adorably.  They played in the Gingerbread Band at the town festival.  But a little girl thought she smelled gingerbread, and suddenly everyone became hungry!  After reading this book, you may wish to make a gingerbread baby, a gingerbread house or gingerbread cookies.  We made paper gingerbread men in art class and decorated them with rick rack, buttons, candy etc.  This is a fun book to read at Christmas, and the illustrations charm.
2840 If your book club is looking for a light mystery to read, you might enjoy this book.  Our library mystery book club read this and everyone enjoyed it.  It's a well-written, light and entertaining read.  The book surpassed my expectations.  The author, Rosemary Harris, visited our library for a book talk and delighted us with her tales about the book, writing in general and her charity work with a school overseas.  We asked her if the character Guido--who makes passes at young ladies--was a caricature and Ms. Harris assured us she knew someone like Guido.  Keep that in mind while reading this fun mystery, and it will add to your reading pleasure.
2841 Got this alarm clock as a review sample for review.  Features to like about it:  * you can see it well in the dark  * face lights up in the dark  * alarm gets noisier as it progresses - you'd have to see if it would wake you up if you were a sound sleeper  * shows temperature, date, and time alarm is set for on the face  * bright pink color  * VERY lightweight - good for travel  * reasonable price  We've only had this for a week, so can't determine yet how long the batteries last. Temperature is very accurate as we tested it next to another temperature clock.  So far, we're pleased with it.
2842 This film hews pretty closely to the book of the same title by Elizabeth Gaskell.  The actors suit their roles ~ especially like Michael Gambon as the squire.  The fashions and the interiors of some of England's finest homes are featured.  The plot has several subplots going on and is occasionally melodramatic.  The basic story is one of a young woman, Molly, whose father, a country doctor, is widowed.  They are happily a team until the father decides suddenly to remarry.  The new stepmother is a pain, although her daughter is pretty good company for Molly.  Molly eventually finds her own true love.  There's not a primary central conflict to give it cohesion.  But I liked the insight into the 1800's social structure.  4.5 stars
2843 Powerful song.  Fun to drive to.  Showcases Dion's voice well.  Like the instrumentation.  If you are in love, you will relate to this song.
2844 If you love vintage Red Nichols, you may want to sample this 1926-1930 compilation of his music.  My dad is a Red Nichols fan and requested this for Fathers Day.  If you want to listen to 30 second samples of each of the 25 songs to determine the quality, just above the list of the songs on this pace is a place to click and sample each of them.  My dad really enjoyed this gift and appreciates this classic Red Nichols and His Five Pennies music being made available again.
2845 Rapturous ~ that's how your taste buds feel, if you're a chocolate aficionado, tasting one of these dark chocolate truffles.  Nutritionists recommend having a little dark chocolate every day. One truffle is about 75 calories and only 13g of sugar. A cup of milk has 12g of sugar for comparison. They are somewhat higher in fat than other chocolate treats; one truffle is 22% of allowed saturated fat and 10% of your daily fat allowance. There is no sodium and they are low in cholesterol.  Ingredients include: Dark Sweet Chocolate [Sugar, chocolate, cocoa butter, skim milk, milkfat, soya lecithin (emulsifier), vanillin (artificial flavoring)], vegetable oil (coconut, palm kernel), sugar, chocolate, cocoa butter, milk, soya lecithin (emulsifier), barley malt.  Because these are individually wrapped, it is easier to eat just one. Sometimes, after dinner, you just want a small chocolate treat and that's what these dark chocolate truffles offer. They are smooth and thick on the exterior and have a soft interior. The flavor is very tasty. I like having these dark chocolate Lindt Truffles around for the holidays. If you can control yourself to eat just one a day, or as an occasional treat, these can be a non-guilty pleasure.
2846 These are challenging stories from the past.  The vocabulary is advanced.  I have taken several years of French and found the stories not easy to read.  If you want stories that are modern and accessible, look elsewhere.  If you want true French literature from the past, this might be your cup of tea.  I write my translations directly in the book using a French dictionary and then read the English translation the book provides.  Your French would improve if you worked diligently in this book.
2847 If you're looking for a healthy substitute for soda and pop which aren't good for you, it's great to find a healthy and tasty substitute like this polar seltzer. It has no sugar and no calories. Love a hint of lime in seltzer. If you add 1/4 cup of juice or a squeeze of lemon to this seltzer it creates a healthy drink with some fizz and is calorie free to low calorie.  It's a very refreshing drink with no unhealthy ingredients. Great to drink cold with ice. You can put a little juice in it for a refreshing beverage, or use it in a smoothie. You can also add 1/4 cup of another juice such as orange juice or grape juice to make a mixed flavor, low-calorie drink.  If you want to lower the calories in fruit smoothies you make, one recipe I like is to add seltzer to one cup of frozen berries like raspberries-strawberries-blackberries-blueberries mix, with a banana and 1/2 cup lowfat, plain yogurt. It makes a low-calorie fruit smoothie. The yogurt provides protein which helps to keep you from getting hungry. Usually smoothie recipes have fruit juice in them - it's great to use this seltzer as a substitute as it has a mild flavor, no sugar and no calories.
2848 Our youngest son got a PhD from University of Washington in Seattle last year and got married there, too.  We loved visiting him in Seattle and will miss visiting there. He moved to Minnesota for a professor job.  Our other son bought this Christmas tree ornament, and we love it.  It is colorful, finely made and looks quality.  Love to have ornaments remind us of special memories and times.  We will always have great memories of this amazing city, and the time we spent there every Christmas when we adorn the tree with this lovely ornament.
2849 In this fifth suspenseful mystery novel featuring elderly detectives Arthur Bryant and John May, they put their lives on the line to track a serial murder on their way to an international spiritualists' convention.  White magic helps to defeat the dark forces wending their way towards the two detectives and other unfortunate victims.  Fortunately, Arthur always seems to have a coven of witches and psychics to help him defeat the evil.  Simultaneously, while he's out of the office, mayhem is occurring there.  A murder has taken place involving one of the staff.  And, their nemesis, Oskar Kasavian, is once again trying to shut down their Peculiar Crimes Unit by having a Princess make a royal visit to inspect the place.  What will she think of Arthur's marijuana plant?  His staff must solve the crime, and clean the office before the Princess' visit or face possible closure.  This is tautly paced - with allowance for some of Arthur's usual foolishness - as two crimes are simultaneously being solved.  Most of the action takes place outside of London.  I read this during a cold snowstorm which added to the atmosphere of the novel. There's enough surprises to keep this series fresh and keep the reader guessing.  It's a delight and an addictive series.
2850 For those of us who can't get enough of french country style--and the volcanic ash in Iceland is keeping us from traveling to the french countryside--this book is a wonderfully economic avenue to soaking up some french country design and scenery.  It's a bit of a design travelogue, taking us into country residences whether they be french farmhouses, cottages or castles.  You learn a bit about the owners and how they combine french antique country pieces sometimes with contemporary flair to create livable design. What I love about this book is the authenticity--it's not a foreign take on french country design.  It's an illustration of how the design is used currently in authentic French homes owned by people who love design.  You'll see inviting design vignettes and accessories to give you ideas on how to use this loved style in your own home.  The book is a charming read, and you'll feel like you traveled with the author to visit his favorite design friends in their original homes in the french countryside. It's a fun book to just pick up, read and look at the pictures--you'll feel like you visited rural France for an hour with a knowledgeable French design guide. Perfect for your design library, or a side table or guest room for a quick visual get-away to the homes in France's rural countryside.
2851 This is a charming story of brave little Finn and his animal friends on the farm.  It's a true story of a Finn, a little lamb, who needed to come into the farmhouse to get well.  This is an upbeat story, with fun photography which children will enjoy.  You feel like you have visited a friendly farm and met Finn, the lamb's, friends.
2852 If you have experienced flow, it may feel like heaven on earth.  You are living in the moment, time seems to stand still, there's a joy and contentment as you almost become one with the activity in which you are engaging. In this book, Csikszentmihalyi examines the nature of flow and clearly outlines its elements.  For those who are looking for fulfillment in life, it's a great concept to understand and pursue.
2853 If you aren't familiar with the universe of book blogs, this book by publishing world insiders in the UK is a helpful introduction and overview circa 2007.  Published in 2007, this book discusses the issues surrounding book blogs, book reviewing and the diverse kinds of book blogs: publishers' blogs, authors' blogs, fan blogs, popular blogs, e-books and the future of book selling.  The book blog world has evolved in the past five years and so has book publishing with the ascendancy of e-books, e-book readers becoming more accessible etc.  This book provides a snapshot of the first years of book blogs--an update of this book discussing where we are today regarding book blogs, are book blogs as relevant, which ones are flourishing and why and the future of book blogs would be fascinating by these same authors.
2854 Amazing song which is potent in emotion and depth.  The lightness of Sarah Brightman's voice is complemented by the warm, masculine tones of Bocelli.  Very poignant music and lyrics.
2855 You and your child will anticipate the turning of each page to see how the cut-outs in the pages with their placement become a bird house, basket, apples, ladder and eggs.  This book is very clever.  It's about the apple tree growing in the yard which has a bird's next in it.  Lightning strikes it one day, and the apples are collected in a basket.  The seasons change, but the robin is still there and in the spring, when the trees flower, there are baby birds!  It's delightful to see the changes and events which happen to the apple tree.  The cut-outs and art are fairly ingenious, and should be very appealing to young children.
2856 My sons hooked me on this show and we watch episodes together.  Love the main character, Michael, the burned spy who adopts different characters and accents in situations.  He's very entertaining - rather like Eddy Murphy was in BEVERLY HILLS COP when he would adopt different identities to get into establishments.  He's also a black belt and does other martial arts in real life so handles fight scenes well.  When he's eating yogurt in his shed of a home, with his wry deadpan humor, he reminds you of Jerry Seinfeld.  A spy Seinfeld, if you can picture that.  His sidekicks add color to the show whether it's his explosives expert, part-time girlfriend, Fiona or his cheesy but remarkably competent friend Sam, they are a great team.  His mother, Sharon Gless, is a bit whiny but still fun as she makes most other mothers look good as she's constantly smoking or drinking and not doing much of anything else except scheduling therapist appointments for Michael and herself to discuss their relationship.  Yeah.  Michael is very patient.  When she's on stage I keep commenting to my sons they're lucky to have me as a mother instead of that.  The plots and dialogue are original.  Only the bad guys seems to get hurt and they usually kill each other off which is always fun to watch.  Because the show is light and funny, the darker moments don't seem too grim.  Some of the episodes have you laughing out loud.  There is one long story arc, and then several short story arcs in each episode which keeps it lively.  It's a fun series that keeps its momentum this season and gets even better.
2857 This is a pumpkin finger play I used to teach in preschool - with some variations.  It's a fun little Halloween story about five little pumpkins.  More about the pumpkins than Pete.  There is some rhyming and little children may enjoy counting the pumpkins.
2858 I was looking for a great book to read at my local bookstore and told the staff member I liked Jane Austen, and she asked if I'd read Elizabeth Gaskell.  I was delighted to sample Gaskell's books and found them well-written with original plots.  This book is my favorite as it has depth and includes the social issues of mill workers and their plight in the industrial north of England.  There's a lovely romance plus insight into factory workers and mill owners challenges in the mid-19th century. It has a Dickensian-cast to it, but not all is black and white. You LIKE Thornton, the mill owner.  If your book group is looking for authentic fiction written by an author from the same time period, this book is excellent.  Our library fiction group read it and everyone enjoyed it.  Jane Austen fans, George Eliot fans, and Bronte devotees should enjoy Elizabeth Gaskell. Gaskell was friends with Charlotte Bronte and wrote a biography on her. In one part of the bio by Gaskell Bronte compares herself to Jane Austen in a letter, which was fun to read.  I preferred this book to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wives-and-Daughters-Oxford-World-s-Classics/dp/0199538263/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wives and Daughters (Oxford World's Classics)</a>&nbsp;which was frothier as it didn't have the depth with the social issues of early industrialization, but it was worth reading as well.
2859 Dignity, service and honor are the ideals James Stevens, a butler, has lived by in serving his employer Lord Darlington at Darlington Hall for over 30 years. As Stevens reviews his life, he remembers a young and spirited housekeeper, Miss Kenton, of whom he was fond. Although she is married now, he decides to visit her as an old friend. What the reader realizes while reading this book is that Stevens is a finer man than the man he served who was a Fascist sympathizer. We also realize that he has repressed his emotions, and liking for Miss Kenton, now Mrs. Benn, and is experiencing tinges of regret. What is ironic is that we are more aware of what he has missed out on, and probably realize his loss more keenly, than he allows himself to acknowledge.  This is an extraordinary and unusual book. Not too many books are written about the personal lives of the servant class, or their lack of a personal life. This novel - which won the Booker Award for fiction - shines the light on one man's fate when he put service to his master, as many servants had to do, before his personal happiness. The movie with Anthony Hopkins as Stevens and Emma Thompson as Miss Kenton brings this novel to life. Both novel and film are worthy of your time if you like subtle and deep retrospection.
2860 Our literature-writing class at NYU read this book.  I liked the author's prose style and the sense it conveyed of a bright young woman coming of age on Antigua.  You had the feeling it was somewhat autobiographical.  As the young girl grows up, she grows apart from her parents, especially her mother.  This enables her to leave the island to seek a life elsewhere.  The book looks at the world through non-western European eyes.  This is valuable for those of us who are wanting to understand a different perspective. 3.5 stars
2861 Piggie is ecstatic that it is HAPPY PIG DAY, but Gerald the Elephant feels left out.  He can not oink, is not pink and is NOT a pig.  Boy does Gerald get a surprise when Piggie's friends tell him how he can celebrate, too.  This is a fun story fans of this series will love.  The expressions on the faces make the story.
2862 This is a very comforting read about a Mama Pig and how she will love her Piggie who is going to school. She loves him for doing the right things and even when he makes mistakes.  This is a helpful first day of school book to prepare.  Illustrations are sweet and colorful.
2863 This is about a penguin who likes to complain: his beak is cold, he doesn't like looking like snow, he waddles, all of the penguins look alike, he can't find his mom and dad.  A walrus takes him aside and gives him a long lecture to see the good around him. The mountains are beautiful. But his beak is cold.  Not sure if the lecture is going to last. This would be a fun read-aloud for a classroom to talk about complaining vs. gratitude, and then have the class write a class story, or individual story, about what they like about their life.  The art is really fun in this book with all of the black and white. You could follow up with a penguin art project or a black and white collage.
2864 I bought this for my son for Christmas.  He's getting a Ph. D. in economics at the University of Washington in Seattle. He has taught an Econ 101 class there for undergrads, and graduate economics seminars, and I thought he might be able to use some of these cartoons for lectures or for classes, his own or the ones he teaches.  He loves New Yorker cartoons and liked the cartoons in this book, he said, but as he's only 24 he said he didn't understand some of them as he didn't have the context for them.  He said he thought it would help if the person receiving this as a gift was older and lived through some of the time periods to understand the jokes more.  So, keep that in mind when purchasing these.  I suggested to him to feel free to re-gift it to one of his professors who would understand them more.  He thought that was a good suggestion....
2865 If you like hazelnut and flavored coffees, this one is very tasty.  Our family buys this brand pretty exclusively. We are especially fond of the hazelnut flavor.  While other family members like to drink this coffee hot, I like to make an iced coffee drink out of it.  After cooling about a cup of the coffee, you add one cup almond milk (60 calories), one half cup of lowfat milk (about 50 calories), one T of dark cocoa (10 calories) and stevia--a natural sweetener from a South American herb-- for sweetener (no calories).  Put it in the blender with ice and you have a delicious iced coffee mocha drink for 120 calories--the same named drink is about 400 calories at Starbucks.  It is a tasty morning or mid-day treat or snack.  The almond milk, decaf coffee and dark cocoa are actually good for you.  The hazelnut adds a layer of subtle flavor to the coffee and is a lovely addition.
2866 "Writing Crooked House was pure pleasure and I feel justified in my belief that it is one of my best," said Dame Agatha about this book CROOKED HOUSE.  How can you not want to read this book with that introduction?  If you are looking for a "comfort read" which for me are English mysteries a la Christie, this one shouldn't disappoint.  The rather eccentric Patriarch of an extended family dies suddenly and the son of the local detective, who is engaged to the granddaughter of the Patriarch, is asked by his father to get the inside information on the family as they think it's an inside job.  Many of the family members have the motive and means for murder, but Christie leaves some telling clues to point to the actual killer.  I suspected about everybody, but found it satisfying that there were reasons to suspect the real killer above other suspects.  I can see why Christie found this a fun book to write--it is fairly straightforward but imaginative in its plot.  Glad Christie found so much joy in writing it.  You will probably find joy in reading it if you want to escape to the English Countryside and solve a crime with Dame Agatha dropping clues for you.
2867 Our library fiction book group read and discussed this book this month.  Descriptions were: tender, charming, deep, subtle, unpretentious, not contrived, sweet, quiet, shows healing.  Most liked or loved the book.  If someone didn't care for it, it was because they didn't like small town settings, or it was too simple for them.  I've found that the same adjectives which describe a book, usually describe the personality of people who love the book as taste is an expression of personality.  We were glad we read it.  I loved it.
2868 A dame, a dead man and a detective. Or is the dead man really dead? That's what blonde heiress Clare Cavendish wants detective Philip Marlowe to find out. She thinks she saw her former lover, presumed dead, in San Francisco. But the dead man's sister identified his body at the morgue after a hit and run on the sultry streets of L.A.  In noir style, colorful prose, and dark humor, Benjamin Black revives Raymond Chandler's iconic detective Philip Marlowe. The bodies pile up as Marlowe's investigations lead him to a tony oceanside estate, a popular L.A. watering hole and the Beverly Ritz. Marlowe will encounter all strata of L.A. society from Mexican gangsters to naive starlets to Gary Cooper before he solves the crime. I enjoyed this novel as much as Chandler's novels, but I'm not a Chandler purist. You can tell a clever wit is behind this literary mystery. If you like noir mysteries, intelligent writing, and an L.A. setting, and are open to someone emulating Chandler's style, you might enjoy this foray into the world of Philip Marlowe. I found it delicious, and hope for a second helping. 4.5 stars
2869 Really charming and hilarious counting book.  Children will love the sounds you make, counting the dogs on each page and the humor. I love early learning books, as a former preschool teacher, and this one teaches while it amuses.  Great fun!
2870 This is a sweet little story about a trip to the library. The plot is simple and cosy.  Lola goes with her mom, selects some books and they go out for a treat afterwards. Then they go home and the mother reads Lola a story.  Illustrations are colorful and clear - like the cover.  It's a comforting read just before bedtime.
2871 If you are interested in startups, this book offers invaluable advice on what you should consider before going forward.  The author is a co-founder of Paypal and initial investor in Facebook, among other businesses.  His thoughts on business and the future are thought-provoking and worth reading.  It will be intriguing to see how the young entrepreneurs he is funding - who dropped out of school - fare with their ideas.  Thiel believes our colleges aren't serving the needs of our students. Yes, the boomers have felt getting a good education from a top school is the path to success for their children. Is it anymore?  Do we have too many lawyers and investment bankers? Thiel's thinking is original.  Sometimes this book felt as much a philosophy book as a business book and that's positive. Was fascinated by Thiel's thinking on the four possible scenarios the future holds.  This book gives you context and a macro-perspective on startups.  I found it fascinating.
2872 This is a tense and disturbing series about a Detective Superintendent, Stella Gibson, who works for the Met and is called to Belfast, Ireland to investigate a murder of a young, professional woman. Early on Stella believes it may be the work of a serial murderer and is soon proven right.  Simultaneously, we meet the villain, who lives a double life and seems an unlikely candidate to perpetrate these murders. So, it's a bit cat and mouse as Stella begins to identify just what kind of individual is doing these crimes and why, drawing nearer to the killer.  The acting is subdued and deep. There's a menacing atmosphere pervading. For my own taste, I prefer less violent and graphic crimes. However, the series was so well-done and the acting riveting by Gillian Anderson as Stella that I couldn't not watch. The plot and denouement is original and I will sample the next installment in the series. 5 stars if you are okay with the violence and some nudity. I like cerebral mysteries with less violence, but with the same quality of acting and originality of plot. Enjoyed the Belfast backdrop.
2873 If you're looking for a healthy substitute for soda and pop which aren't good for you, it's great to find a healthy and tasty substitute like this raspberry and lime polar seltzer. It has no sugar and no calories.  This is my favorite flavored seltzer.  The raspberry and lime is a kind of sweet-sour combination. This flavored seltzer has a subtle flavor with some fizz and is calorie free.  It's a very refreshing drink with no unhealthy ingredients. Great to drink cold with ice. I also love to put a little juice in it for a refreshing beverage, or use it in a smoothie. Love the taste of lime in water and this provides it. You can also add 1/4 cup of another juice such as orange juice or grape juice to make a mixed flavor, low-calorie drink.  If you want to lower the calories in fruit smoothies you make, one recipe I like is to add it to one cup of frozen berries like raspberries-strawberries-blackberries-blueberries mix, with a banana and 1/2 cup lowfat, plain yogurt. It makes a low-calorie fruit smoothie. Usually smoothie recipes have fruit juice in them - it's great to use this seltzer as a substitute as it has a mild flavor, no sugar and no calories.
2874 For those who have studied French assiduously, and dream of travelling to Paris, this book is an avenue to go there in your mind.  I loaned someone a quarter at Starbucks once and got a trip to Paris out of it.  My college roommate attended the Middlebury master's program and lived in Paris for a year.  While I was teaching in a 2-room school house on the plains of Nebraska, she would write me about her classes at the Sorbonne. We all have our dreams of Paris - realized or not.  This book is a Paris dream realized.  It starts out as a memoir of a young 22-year-old Princeton grad following her dream to live in Paris; then the book morphs into something fashion journalists will love once the author, Kate Betts, gets her job at WWD under the legendary John Fairchild.  Most of us who travel to Paris won't meet designers like Christian Louboutin (who was relatively unknown when Kate met him).  Betts tells of fashion shows, visiting YSL's studio and attending boar hunting parties at a French manor house.  Betts is smart, candid, and perceptive. So is this memoir.  This book will transport you to a golden age in fashion, and fashion journalism, in the late 1980's. But it's equally the story of a young American living abroad. Betts writes in a non-treacly fashion which helps you see Paris through her eyes, as if you were her, seeing the sights, and thinking the thoughts.  This is a great summer read.  And it's a terrific year-round read for those who dream of Paris.
2875 This is a light weight vinyl which looks jazzy in this black background with white polka dots. I put it on our round deck table and it looks chic.  The black and white goes with the gray trip.  It doesn't have a hem - maybe vinyl products don't.  It's not a heavy vinyl so perhaps it hangs better and is softer.  I use it to protect the glass table on our deck (see pic).  Can just wipe this off instead of the glass table.  It's 55".  Polka dots are always in style, and are fun.  In a heavy wind it will blow off.  We have a wind advisory today - gusting up to 50 mph and it blew off so I just put a piece of wood on it for the time being.  This will be fun for the summer.  You can put placemats on top of it if you want the soft fabric, too.  It would be cute on a side table as pictured in the description on a porch or living space.  From a distance it can look like fabric.  This is a lot of style for a little $$.  I like it!
2876 Love these Miagret easy reader mysteries.  There is a lot of dialogue.  You learn new vocabulary and turns of phrase.  This is the easiest level.  I could read, and understand, 90% of it without looking up words.  There are questions at the end of the story, and explanations of vocabulary on the pages for the more difficult words.  In this story, a young woman is found dead on the Paris street.  She has no identity.  Maigret puts her picture in the paper and follows the clues.  We like to read Maigret mysteries in our French continuing education class. Was delighted to find this one to share with the class.
2877 I teach interior design in continuing education and include design history in the classes I teach.  I use this book as a resource for the different design periods.  It has some great images exemplifying the different styles - a picture is worth a thousand words as they say.  And then there's the 1000 words to describe the periods.  My students love the images and information from this book.  It's a wonderful introduction to design periods.  Gilliatt begins with the medieval and continues through the modern era.  Architectural elements, floors, fabrics, furnishings, walls, paint, colors and even lighting are discussed.  If you are looking for a pleasant read on design history which gets at the essentials, this book is a great resource.  I borrowed it initially from my library and then decided I wanted my own copy.  It is more of an overview than an exhaustive volume.
2878 Cottage and country style are a timeless style and will always be in fashion.  This charming rural style is complementary to farmhouses, cottages, bungalows, seaside homes, cabins, small apartments, barns which have been renovated to be homes and other relaxed and casual spaces.  It's great to use patterns in the style and this book shows real rooms which use wonderful fabrics and patterns on walls and floors to enliven rooms.  It's not always easy to find books on this style.  This book has some attractive rooms which will inspire ideas.
2879 This series was one of my favorite series growing up with the irrepressible and smart heroine, Anne Shirley with an e. I loved this third book in the series as Anne goes off to college after teaching in Avonlea to pursue a BA. She makes new friends, leaving her best friend Diana at home on Prince Edward Island. Gilbert Blythe also enrolls at Redmond College with Anne. It's fun to read about her life at college, the charming cottage she shares with friends and her evolution into a confident young woman. This book was written in 1915, seven years after the first book of Anne of Green Gables. For young ladies who enjoyed the imaginative and intelligent Anne, they will enjoy reading about her further adventures expanding her love for learning and development of her character.  This series is my favorite on par with Louisa May Alcott's books about Jo March.
2880 Just took our pit bull, Whitney, to the vet after an altercation with a raccoon. The vet said Whitney's teeth look great! Whitney gets these Greenie dental chews as a snack quite regularly. So, they are working for Whitney! She gobbles them up and is always delighted to have them as a snack.
2881 These are even more vibrantly and vividly colored than the photo.  I always liked rag rugs and these have that appearance.  They are thick, and appear very sturdy. They do have a slightly chemical scent which seems as if it will dissipate in a short time.  I will wash these by hand as others report shrinkage with machine washing.  Will report back if they shrink.  They are fun, colorful and attractive.  The pink and orange in them is quite neon in color - so ensure you love bright colors if you are considering these.  They are very festive and will be great on our deck table for outdoor eating!
2882 I have taught over a thousand children to read and these are the best phonic materials on the market.  I use the accompanying workbook which goes with the series.  This series is very sequential with lots of practice.  The children love the stories.  Use the whole series - begin with set one.
2883 Our library mystery book discussion group selected this mystery to read and discuss.  I had read it as a teenager one summer and thought as a somewhat sophisticated and seasoned reader I'd find it lacking.  Not a bit. It was as much a delight to read as an adult as a teen.  When you read Christie you discern why she is the best-selling author of all time except for Euclid who didn't write fiction.  If you're looking for one of Christie's best books to introduce yourself to her work, this is classic Christie and a great introduction to her work.
2884 Your child may ask for a piano after reading this book.  When a woodland bear discovers a piano in the woods - how magical - he teaches himself to play.  He plays so well, that when a young girl and her father hears his playing, they ask him to go to New York City with them.  The bear plays to sell-out crowds.  Who wouldn't love a piano-playing bear?  But, after a time, the bear thinks of his home and wants to return to see his bear friends.  Will they remember him?  Will they still be there?  And what about his piano?  Let's just say this story ends happily.  The illustrations charm.  This book can be used as an introduction to listening to some good piano playing music.  Love books which entice children to enjoy the world of music and art.  This one does.
2885 This is a fun and quirky book about inclusion.  When Ursula, the polar bear, is no longer permitted to practice her water ballet at the community pool, she can't train for the water ballet contest with Ricardo.  He gets a new partner.  So, Ursula, after a week of crying, gets innovative and goes down to the pond where she swims with the other animals. They form a team.  They don't win the million $ prize for water ballet, but the team manages to take down the "No Bears" sign at the community pool.  This book is a great way to talk about INCLUSION.  One of our primary needs is a feeling of belonging, and this shows children how great it is to include folks so they belong.  Illustrations look watercolorish, and are whimsical and fun.
2886 This is a wonderful lightweight sackpack to take toys to the sandbox, beach etc.  You can wear it on your back.  Great for summer day camp, or sleep away camp, too.  Just toss your shovels and sand moulds in to make a sand castle, slip it on your back and you're good to go.  You could throw a wet swim suit in there, too. Or a juice pack or thermos, lunch etc.  Kids can carry their own stuff on their back and don't have to worry about getting a regular backpack sandy and wet. Mom and dad don't have to be packhorses carrying everything.  It looks and works great.  See pic below to see the back of it.  (review sample provided)
2887 Our library book group read and discussed this book.  Most in the group had not known of this bizarre incident and enjoyed reading about it and the tangential issues relating to it.  There are a lot of intriguing historical facts which are told about in this book.  The book details what happened immediately after Lincoln's death.  You get insight into the character of Mary Todd Lincoln and Robert Lincoln.  Mary comes off much more sympathetic, said many in the group.  There's information on the counterfeiting problem in the country of which all of us were unaware.  We were glad we read the book.  The author is an engaging speaker said some of the attendees, if you have an opportunity to hear him. If you are fascinated by this incident, this would probably be a five star read for you.
2888 This is fun escapism.  Always plenty of drama and love the D.C. backdrop. Wish they didn't stereotype republicans so much.  Like the sets and scenery.  Actors are entertaining to watch.  Just a fun show - great to treadmill, too.  Time passes quickly.
2889 Anglophiles will rejoice in this lively mystery. When London PR executive decides to move to the Cotswolds, she finds it less bucolic than she imagined. Agatha Raisin finds herself embroiled in murder. Agatha's brusque and rude manner isn't favored in this small village - they even think she may have murdered a local!  How Agatha extricates herself and helps Bill Wong, the policeman, solve the crime and find the murderer is the fun of the story along with all of the details Anglophiles will enjoy: markets, vicars, thatched cottages etc.  Our library mystery group is reading this mystery novel this month. This is the first in the series. You may wish to check out the film series based upon Agatha Raisin. It's quite fun.
2890 Fascinating thesis in this book.  Interesting to think this is the first time in history possibly, with the invention of the internet and with online shopping, we have inventory that isn't limited by physical space.  Stores are limited by shelf space.  But there's no shelf space to limit selection at Netflix, for example.  So, there's more room for niche products.  Companies can make a nice profit on those niches, or the long tail in a graph detailing products available.  Learned in an MBA text on marketing that the longer a market has been around, the more it splinters into segments.  It's great that companies can now make $$$ on the segments, when they don't have to pay for a bricks and mortar store to carry everything.  It means more variety for the consumer to meet our niche interests.  A splendid book which has many applications and will cause you to think how it applies to your business.
2891 As a fan of Lara Fabian and Celine, was delighted to learn about this female vocalist Roxanna and her debut album EXOTICA. Her music is smooth jazz with some Spanish and flamenco influences. Her voice has a restrained sensuality. It is velvety and textured. Her backstory as a nurse who sang to patients, believing in the healing power of music, is unusual and heart-warming.  This album was produced by Mark Portmann (Michael Buble, Barbra Streisand, and Celine Dion) and includes original songs. I found her voice and songs appealing to listen to. She's a promising, new talent who will appeal to many listeners.
2892 If you fall under the spell of the characters in this Forsyte Saga, you will find this series fairly riveting.  The Forsyte family and their relationships and lives is the focus here.  They are living at the end of the Victorian era and the dawning of the Edwardian era in London and its environs.  There is family intrigue anchored by the main plot in which solicitor Soames Forsyte (Damian Lewis) marries a poorer young woman, Irene Heron (Gine McKee) in an unfortunate mismatch.  Soames seems to want to acquire a wife the way in which he would acquire property, as a legal and business proposition without much emotion.  Adultery ensues which is frowned upon in the Victorian Age.  Other family members have their own little drama - Winnifred Forsyte also made an unfortunate mismatch with one of the more eccentric, despicable and entertaining members of the cast, Montague Dartie (Ben Miles), who is a relentless bounder and also dabbles in adultery. He gets some of the best lines.  Seeing him demonstrating a tango with one of his male friends is one of the more humorous scenes in this otherwise mostly dramatic and serious drama.  Damien Soames is obsessed with winning control of Irene and producing a male heir to carry on the Forsyte name.  How he deals with his doomed desire, and how it impacts others' lives, knits the story together.  Really enjoyed the character young Jolyon (Rupert Graves - who plays a detective in the current SHERLOCK series) who is a cousin of Soames and quite different from him.  The dialogue is interesting, and the sets of these Victorian backgrounds you want to stop the scene and just look at the rooms.  Found this a thoroughly engaging series so far that only gets better.  On to Series 2....
2893 If you like legal strategy, and want a suspenseful book to listen to while you walk, clean, commute, do errands etc., I looked forward each day to my daily 60-90 minute walk so I could listen to this Mickey Haller legal mystery. It may be my favorite novel with Mickey Haller. Loved the courtroom strategy and the unpredictable curves in the plot.  The defendant is a character you love to dislike, but she seems likable compared to some of the other unsavory characters in the book: the murder victim, unscrupulous financial firm CEO's, the opposing attorney and more.  Mickey brilliantly conceives a strategy that is innovative involving a fifth witness.  Fabulous.  Loved listening to this story from a CD, as it seemed like Mickey was talking to you, and you were sitting in on the meetings with the judge, the client, Mickey's staff and in the courtroom itself listening to the testimony.  I could walk 90 minutes and it seems like 20 minutes, which is always a bonus when you are exercising.  I just wish I had another Mickey Haller ready for the CD for my walk tomorrow.  Looking forward to the new release this December of the latest Mickey Haller adventure.  All of Michael Connelly's mystery novels are good; this one I thought was particularly excellent and one of my favorites Connelly has written.  I thought it equaled THE LINCOLN LAWYER in quality.
2894 Images and narrative are nicely interspersed throughout this overview of the Arts & Crafts home.  The authors are owners of the Roycroft shops, and editors of a newsletter on the Craftsman homeowner.  This book is divided into nine chapters: history and philosophy, architecture, tying house and landscape together, the arts and crafts interior, details of the arts and crafts house, furniture, lighting, pottery-tiles-glass and artwork and accessories.  The images are colorful and large and the narrative is easy to read.  There are many diverse examples of arts and crafts style in this book.  Arts & Crafts aficionados will find much to enjoy.
2895 If you are wanting to get more vegetables in your diet, these fusion drinks which combine fruit juices with vegetable juices are a savvy way to do so. This peach mango mixes the juice of sweet potatoes, yellow tomatoes, and yellow carrots with the juice of white grapes, apples, oranges, peaches and mango puree. You really taste the peach-mango flavor with the other subtle flavors as nuances.  It is 100% juice with no ADDED sugar. However, it does include natural fruit sugar, as all juices do, which is part of the fruit juice - 26g sugar in a one cup serving. What I like to do is use about 1/8 cup - which would be about 3.5g of fruit sugar and 20 calories - and put it in a cup of seltzer with ice to make a refreshing and healthy drink. One cup of this fruit-vegetable fusion drink is 120 calories, but you can dilute it with seltzer to give it fizz and less calories for a refreshing, healthy and tasty beverage. It provides 100% of daily vitamin C and 20% vitamin A in one serving.  It's a great concept to mix fruit and vegetable juices in a healthy fusion drink like this which is naturally delicious.
2896 What a handy, ingeniously designed little charger which is perfect for home, office or travel use.  Features we love about this charger:  * Four portals ~ charges simultaneously four devices at once  such as our kindle, multiple phones, iPads etc.  * Full speed charging ~ charges speedily  * Easily visible LED light ~ indicates power is available  * Smart charging ~ charging will automatically stop when battery is full  * One year guarantee ~ will extend for half a year option says company  * Uses only one outlet ~ this speaks for itself  * Small size & fold in feature ~ prongs fold in so won't damage other items if packed - easy to transport  * Super price ~ this would make a great gift to anyone with multiple electronic devices  * Super safe ~ protection against overheating, overcharging and overcurrent  Possible suggestion for company ~ wonder if folks would want these in bright colors like neon pink or acid green or bright red to spot easily in suitcase or on wall so you don't leave them at the hotel.  Might be interesting to offer it in a popular, bright color and see if folks buy it.  This should be a popular seller for the company.  We are delighted with it.  * Sample provided for review.
2897 These gluten-free, 100% whole grain organic chips are delicious. They are tasty with cheese (I like jalapeno) or dipped in guacamole. How's the nutrition you ask?  A one ounce - or about 9 chips - serving is 120 calories. More than 18g of whole grains per serving. Total fat is 7% - there is no transfat. Sodium is low at 3%. Zero sugar. 2g of fiber. They are free from pesticides, chemical fertilizers and antibiotics. 10% of profits go to help children.  Ingredients include: chia, flax, corn, quinoa, amaranth, millet and brown rice along with organic evaporated cane sugar and sea salt. Sunflower and safflower oil are also included.  These are a healthy, low-fat, low-sodium and whole grain snack to enjoy year round. The company offers other chips such as a mild green mojo, sweet potato, subLIME, Dude Ranch and others. It is a family owned company.
2898 While I prefer books with words, this one has such a tender and hopeful message, it deserves much praise.  It's about a little girl taking a walk with her distracted daddy and she notices all of the small miracles of flowers growing among the concrete and urban scenes.  She collects the flowers and starts giving them out: to a dead bird, a man sleeping on a park bench and finally to her mother and baby brother.  It shows how small gifts which are free bring much pleasure to folks in life.  We all can benefit from this non-material message.  If your child enjoys illustrations with detail, they should enjoy this book.
2899 If you are an anglophile, mystery-lover and enjoy precocious children, this combines all these and more.  Flavia, at 11, is very, very smart.  She is also extremely annoyed with her two older sisters who treat her with a bit of scorn. With a love for chemistry, and lots of time on her hands, when a murder is committed Flavia puts her intelligence and skill to work to solve the crime.  She has to as a body showed up in a very inconvenient spot, and the police suspect the wrong man who is someone close to Flavia.  If you like Golden Age mysteries, this has elements of those with an eccentric cast of characters, an amateur detective, and a charming village as backdrop.  Nothing too grisly occurs.  The dialog and description is fun.  If you enjoyed this book, the author is contracted to write six mysteries in all.
2900 If you are a student of interior design, this book is an academic approach to color.  If you are looking to decorate your home, there are not many domestic interiors included within it.  It's a possible 5-stars for students of design, 3 to 4-stars for the amateur designer.  Some of the images looked like copies of a copy.  As it's a book on color, think the colors in it should be true.  3.5 stars
2901 If you like dark chocolate, this is a tasty and affordable version of it.  My brother brought this bag of wrapped dark chocolate squares as a gift.  The 86% cacoa wasn't too bitter for me.  It is a lovely, smooth, rich intense flavor that melts in your mouth.  The squares are thin and individually wrapped.  Each square is about 60 calories.  It's not high in sugar and nutritionists now say that dark chocolate--an oz per day--is good for you.  As a friend reminded, chocolate is a vegetable; it's a bean!  Supposedly, the darker the chocolate the more healthy and the less calories and sugar.  I love a square of this chocolate after a meal and will be buying more of this 86% Midnight Reverie flavor.  It's a great hostess gift to give.
2902 As a phonics reading teacher, I love this book!  It's an imaginative, original way of teaching the letter sounds.  Children will have fun finding items beginning with each sound on the page.  From boatloads of b's, to herds of h's, to flocks of f's, to truckloads of t's.  There are humorous illustrations to accompany the sounds.  It's a bit Dr. Suessian in spirit which is positive.  Of course, you will want to mention that the vowels - a, e, i, o, and u - have two sounds as do some letters like g and c.  This is an appealing way to talk about letter sounds.  You can do an art project afterwards such as make the letter out of a material it begins with: beans can be glued to a b shape, or pasta bows.  Cotton balls can cover a c.  Feathers can decorate an f.  I like to decorate the lower case letters because those are the ones you use most in reading.  Children usually know the upper case letters, so it's good to focus on the lower case as they make up beginning words and most words in a sentence except for the first letter and proper names.
2903 This is a non-greasy, creamy rich ultra healing lotion.  We live in the cold northeast and have a wood-burning stove which burns wood to heat our house in the woods from October to April.  It's stacked full of wood now.  Our air is dry and I need to use lotion daily.  My feet get especially dry, so I apply lotion several times a day with this lotion.  It last 24 hours and doesn't clog your pores.  It has a light non-scent which smells faintly of citrus.  It's good for the whole family.  If you have dry skin, you may want to sample this lotion.
2904 This has an appealing plot about a lion who visits a library.  The lion learns to be helpful, and is told he cannot ROAR!  He dusts the shelves with his furry tail, and helps carry things.  One day an emergency occurs, and he has to ROAR to get attention.  There is humor and pathos in this book.  Of course, it has a happy ending.  The illustrations are sweet and kind of retro 1940's-50's looking.  One plot point of the book is a bit dated - the use of card catalogs for example.  Although the front desk has a computer.  It was published in 2006.  Children will enjoy this story about a lion in a library.
2905 Author Jon Klassen wrings a lot of humor out of a hat.  This one has a moral to it involving friendship and sacrifice. Two turtles find a hat in the desert. They both want to wear it, but obviously they can't.  So, they sacrifice, go without and try not to think about the beguiling hat. And you know what happens when you try not to think about something. Like the brownies in the house when you're on a diet.  You can see from the turtle's eyes they're thinking about that hat. The illustrations have a subtle humor.  Who is going to end up with the hat?  And what happens to the hat if neither turtle gets it?  That is what keeps you turning the pages.
2906 This book came out early in Diana's days as Princess of Wales and has her early wardrobe which I always thought was the most fun and princess-like.  She was quite creative in her selection of clothes working with themes.  Lots of pictures in this book of her diverse outfits.
2907 If you have heard that coke and pepsi, and the diet versions of them, are not good for your health, and you like the fizzy taste of them, one replacement you may want to try is this seltzer with a spritz of lemon juice or fruit juice. You can also drink this as is. Personally, I like to add a little lemon juice to this seltzer for a no-calorie drink or just a bit of orange, grape or pineapple juice to the seltzer. One-fourth cup of orange juice added to it, for example, is about 30 calories and provides 50% of your vitamin C - mixed with this seltzer, you have a 30 calories drink that is actually healthy for you.  I also like mixing this seltzer with pink grape fruit juice. One-fourth cup of pink grape fruit juice has only 25 calories and provides about 40% of your vitamin C requirements. You can customize this seltzer with the juice you like as an additive. Great taste, the fizz like pop and soda, and healthy benefits of Vitamins A & C combine with low calories when you drink this seltzer with fruit juice instead of those unhealthy sodas.  You can also use this as the liquid in fruit smoothies - again it reduced the calorie count by 100-200 calories and adds a bit of fizz to the smoothie.  Recipe: one cup frozen mixed berries, one-half banana, 1/2 cup plain yogurt or flavored kefir, cover this mix with seltzer and blend in blender until smooth.  It tastes like a delicious fruit drink and is about 200 calories for 2-3 cups of beverage.  Yummy and healthy.  You can add a handful of romaine or spinach, too, to amp the nutrition.
2908 Published in 1989, it's amazing how timeless many of these classic rooms in this book are. HOUSE AND GARDEN is known for beautiful interiors, and the images in this book live up to their reputation. Some of the top designers are represented here such as Nina Campbell and Tom Parr. The book is divided into chapters highlighting topics such as gorgeous colour, panelled patina, print-rooms revived, en-suite and flexible stripes. Over 200 colorful pages of rooms are featured, some full-page. If you like classic English style, you should enjoy perusing this book. There isn't a lot of text - it's mainly images. Some of the rooms are dated but many are that timeless English style we all love and have been enjoying seeing revived on DOWNTON ABBEY. The photo on the cover gives a hint of some of the style inside.
2909 Although this doesn't have the drama and excitement of some of the more popular Christie mysteries such as MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS or AND THEN THERE WERE NONE, I rather like it as a quintessential English village mystery. The title derives its name from an anonymous murderer who writes the indefatigable Belgian detective, Hercule Poirot, to announce the locale up an upcoming murder. The towns follow an alphabetical pattern.  This mystery novel was written in 1936 so it provides insight into English village life during that time period. I enjoy cerebral mysteries that are more mind games, and this is clever. It actually is one of my more favorite of Dame Agatha's mysteries. If you read Agatha Christie's autobiography, she is quite self-effacing about her writing talent. However, when you read her mysteries you understand why she is the best-selling fiction author of all time. Her books have an accessibility and universal appeal which many can enjoy. If you want a more quiet, but still entertaining, mystery, you may wish to sample this one.
2910 If you love French style, this is a luminous and rich book on the Ile-De-France which is the area surrounding Paris including Versailles, Chantilly, Barbizon and Fontainbleu.  You see architecture, landscapes, rooms, pottery, faience, toile and the accessories of French decorative life.  The book is divided into six sections: INTRODUCTION; Impressions of the Ile-De-France, PART ONE: Le Grand Style, PART TWO: The Artistic Life, PART THREE: Towns and Villages, PART FOUR: Rustic and Rural and a Portfolio of places to shop, visit, restaurants and hotels and historical sites etc.  The book is primarily pictures - 450 of them - in gorgeous, rich colors--the photography is brilliant.  You feel like you are there. You see Versailles' vegetable garden, Monet's home at Giverny, a chateau filled with antiques, country estates, restore mills and stylish townhouses.  This is the country area which residents of Paris escape to on weekends so it is rustic and stylish.  If you love elegant and authentic French country style, you should enjoy this book.
2911 For the cooking enthusiast who likes to use spices, this is a handy spice rack.  This is for my son who likes to cook and lives in New York City where the kitchens are small so he wanted something which doesn't take up too much space.  One spice he missed is cumin as we use it for chili, taco seasoning and on sweet potatoes.  Otherwise he loves it.  Features to like about it:  * 16 jars ~ already filled!  * free refills of spices for up to 5 years  * color of canister ~ looks good in any kitchen  * it spins for easy access  * premium spices ~ good quality  * reasonable price ~ less expensive than buying spices separately  This is going to lead to a lot of adventurous cooking having these spices in house.  He is already researching recipes - what can you make with marjoram? he asks.  Dill - wow!  The company has a 20 spice rack, too if you want more spices.  My son is very excited about moving into his new apartment and setting up housekeeping with this spice rack.  We're looking forward to coming over for dinner.
2912 If you're looking for some dark chocolate, you may want to try Lindt.  It's smooth, silky and tasty.  Now that nutritionists recommend an ounce of dark chocolate with 60-70% or above cocoa a day, chocolate doesn't have to be a guilty pleasure. It's a non-guilty pleasure.  After all, chocolate is a vegetable, as a friend pointed out.  Chocolate is a bean.  It's great for an after dinner treat and I find I can eat a piece or two of this bar without wanting the whole bar at once.  It's wonderful flavor and smooth texture.
2913 This is a melancholy tale of a woman ornithologist whose career was cut short - as my own mother's was - by marriage.  The 1940's and 1950's were not kind decades for women's potential.  The setting of New Mexico dramatizes the bleakness of the story.  The primary comfort for Meridian - love the name - are her crows which she is independently studying.  Her husband is working on the atomic bomb development, and is 20 years her senior.  A brief romance with a younger man alleviates some of the bleakness of her life and promotes some emotional development.  Primarily this is the story of her stymied intellectual development.  You kept rooting for Meridian to go back to college or write a book about her bird studies. If the author and I were in a writing group and she asked my opinion about the book, I would have said that I would have liked to have read more about those efforts, and less about the love affair. Meridian's growth in supporting women's education I found fascinating, too, and would have liked to have read more on that stage of her life.  But this is subjective.  Maybe others feel differently.  The author is a talented writer, and picked a fascinating and rare field of study - ornithology - and an unusual time and setting in the rising atomic age birthed in New Mexico. I look forward to reading future novels by her.  4.5 stars for a debut book.
2914 This tea comes from East Africa and is selected by a family tea business in Yorkshire, England. The English are discerning about tea, so figure they can pick the best. If you watch any English mystery, they are always offering visitors tea and a "biscuit", sometimes a digestive biscuit, whatever that is. Anyway, I usually drink flavored teas, and try to drink green tea. But this black tea is considered healthy, too.  I brewed a cup of it, mixed it with some almond milk (30 calories per cup - unsweetened) and stevia, a natural sweetener and it made a tasty and comforting drink. Yes, you could taste the layers of flavor in the tea and it's a yummy deep golden brown color. This tea will be popular at my house where my sons drink even more tea than I do.  Here's what the company wants you to know about their tea:  A rich and refreshing black tea Blended for US water String and tag tea bags 22g bags All-natural: No artificial ingredients or flavorings
2915 My daughter-in-law requested this knife for Christmas.  She likes to cook in her free time, and likes having quality utensils.  She is very happy with this knife.  It made for a great gift.  Here's what the company wants you to know about this knife:  High carbon stainless steel blade can be resharpened over and over Ergonomically designed handle Will stand up to years of daily use without undue deterioration or wear Polypropylene handles is dishwasher safe. NSF Approved
2916 If you prefer stories with words, this book has none.  It seems if you don't have words, it helps to have a strong plot-driven story.  This story is primarily about poses where Flora and the Flamingo make a pose.  There are even flaps with poses underneath.  The illustrations are pert.  If you like ballerinas or flamingos, this may be a 5 star perusal for your child.
2917 Geraldine Brooks can't write a bad book. I think our book group has read all of her previous books.  "The Secret Chord" is a departure for her as it goes back before B.C. and chronicles the life of David.  Its primary strength for me was how it captured the setting surrounding David's life and the brutality.  It isn't easy reading for the sensitive reader, but it's worthwhile.  A very original book from a world class author!  Can't wait to see what topic Brooks tackles next.
2918 We read these poems in a poetry class.  I had encountered a few of Mary Oliver's poems in some non-fiction books.  The authors had been inspired by a poem of hers.  But to have a whole book of her poems, and be able to discuss them with a poetry prof and poetry lovers, was a treat.  Ms. Oliver has an original mind and her poems are buoyant and optimistic mostly, while still being realistic.  They have wit and wisdom. I found them enchanting.  She is one of my favorite poets I have encountered.
2919 This book is a review of the key styles from 1925 including Modernism, Mid-Century Design, Pop & Radical and Postmodernism.  You will see works by Charles Eames, Knoll International, Le Corbusier and other big and small names.  Furniture, ceramics, glass, metalware, jewelry, textiles and graphics are covered.  Over 450 color photos are included.  You will find practical information on how to approach buying, which designers hold value and what names you should keep your eye on.  It is an accessible read. There are illustrations on almost every page.  This is a great introduction to collecting modern pieces - prices are listed.
2920 This book had me giggling.  Snake wants to play catch with Piggie and Elephant.  But, alas, poor snake has no arms.  The solution this dilemma is unexpected and quite hilarious.  Children and adults will love this Piggie and Elephant story.
2921 This is a fantastic T-shirt.  We got the large and it fits my 6 foot, 175 pound son just great.  There's room to spare so if you're heavier than that it would still fit.  It's a soft, heather blue.  It looks deeper blue than this color in the picture.  It's 60% cotton and 40% polyester.  I usually like more cotton content, but this feels like it would breathe well.  It is made in China.  Only suggestion for improvement is to have it made in America, and bring jobs back to America.
2922 My family likes this whole grain thin spaghetti. I like to make light sauces with it and put in vegetables such as spinach, tomatoes, peppers, mushrooms etc.  The company has these suggestions of what to mix with their pasta:  "Whole grain pasta is best paired with tomato or cream sauces. Pesto sauces also go well with whole grain pasta. Meat and game sauces pair well too. Green vegetables in general taste very good with whole grain pasta. Pine nuts, walnuts, chestnuts, pistachios, and dried fruit such as raisins and apples pair very well with this whole grain pasta. Cheese sauces made with Parmigiano, Grana, Asiago, Pecorino, Ricotta, Provolone, or Fontina cheese work well with whole grain pasta in terms of flavor profiles."  It is low in sugar, salt and fat. Also like to add ground turkey in a red sauce with vegetables to this pasta for a healthy and satisfying dish.
2923 A nutritionist recommended we switch to whole grain breads and pastas.  This Barilla pasta is 51% whole grain.  One serving, or 2 oz., is 200 calories, has 7g of protein, and 2% fat.  It supplies 24% of your daily fiber recommendations and is low in sugar at 2g.  I use it mainly to make ziti or with a spaghetti sauce with slivers of zucchini, peppers, onion, and spinach mixed in.  Add some ground turkey and garlic and it's an extremely healthy and filling dish.  Have also used it with cold chicken salad, with grapes and walnuts and mayo.  You don't need to feel guilty eating it, especially if you can combine with healthy protein and vegetables.  It keeps nicely in the frig to serve another day.
2924 If you are looking for a healthy snack, this is a low sodium and protein-rich treat.  It includes edamame, citric acid, dried cranberries, sunflower oil, sea salt, elderberry juice concentrate, pumpkin kernels, peanut oil, and almonds.  One serving, or one-fourth cup, has 140 calories, 7g sugar, 6g protein, 3% sodium DV, 9% total fat, 4% saturated fat with no transfat.  If you like edamame, cranberries, almonds and pumpkin kernels, you should enjoy this original treat.  Our family enjoys snacking on this.
2925 Love this backpack. It seems well-constructed and durable. Features to love about it which the company describes:  COOLMAX AIRFLOW SUSPENSION- reduces the heat and sweating while keeping you hydrated longer. Suspension system makes you feel as if you are not carrying anything so you can hike longer.  WATERPROOF TEAR RESISTANT NYLON-  it's waterproof!  OVER 20 COMPARTMENTS AND HOOKS- easy to reach compartments make finding everything in your daypack simple to access. For college or camping there is a place for everything.  RUCKSACK RAIN COVER INCLUDED-  company says this is a $15 value FREE. Camping, climbing, on a hike or just going to school, keep your belongings protected.  Other features we noted:  PADDED SHOULDERS - comfortable on your shoulders CUP HOLDERS - two cup holders PADDED BACK - more comfort in the back area  This just feels like a quality backpack which will last a long time and is versatile for carrying books, bottles, clothes etc. when hiking, biking and travelling or going to school.  * sample provided for review
2926 This is a subtly simple book of a kitten who thinks the moon is a big bowl of milk and tries to get it.  The illustrations are in black, white and gray and suit the story.  Children will enjoy it comforting story line.
2927 Jephson worked for Diana for several years as her private secretary.  So, he saw her at her best and worst.  I remember when he was interviewed around the time of her death.  He has some interesting insights regarding her personality.  You realize Diana was much more complex - as we all are - than our public persona shows.  It does seem that it might not be comfortable working for Diana.  Not many lasted long.  Jephson is a bit wordy.  And his account seemed to skip around a bit.  But if you're a Diana fan, Jephson has a perspective which others who knew Diana didn't have if they didn't work and travel with her.  I enjoyed reading this book.
2928 This would be a fun book to read around Halloween or to have in a dress-up corner.  If your little one thinks magic power is fun, they may enjoy reading about a little girl who wants to be a witch.  But she doesn't like bats and spiders, curled up shoes, yucky green hair.  She does love a flying broom, a sparkly wand and her pet cat.  Maybe she could be a good witch?  If you read this book to a class you could write a story about where the children would like to fly if they had a magic broom, or what costume they would like to put on and  then what they would do.  Colorful illustrations enliven this book. 4.5 stars.
2929 Original tune and instrumentals. Great tempo. Adam sings some high notes.  Lyrics are catchy and refrain sticks in your head.
2930 In 1999 Vicki Archer visited Provence with her family and had what the French call a "coup de foudre" (thunderbolt or love at first sight) when she saw a 17th century French farmhouse in dilapidated condition on 50 acres.  It took three years to make the Mas de Bernard livable for her family.  The family moved from Australia to London to be closer to Provence and their new French country home which they lovingly restored.  This has many images of that home.  They also planted an olive grove which Vicki Archer works in.  This book not only has lovely images of her home in Saint Remy-de-Provence but includes favorite images Paris.  I enjoy receiving Archer's blog and following her on pinterest.  She truly loves Provence and Paris, and it's fun to read her thoughts on French life and style.
2931 There are some exquisite images in this book of classic English interiors and the antiques which fill them.  It begins with the International Court Style from 1689-1714 with the William & Mary and Queen Anne styles.  Next is the Palladian style from 1715-1740, followed by Rococo Fantasies from 1745-1765, The Neoclassical Style 1765-1790, and The Regency style 1790-1830 with a pictorial history of furniture styles focusing on chairs, chests and commodes, side tables, mirrors and bureaus and bookcases.  There are full page images of rooms, and half page images.  Interspersed are more contemporary rooms with antiques in them by current designers.  If you want an accessible overview of English style and antiques from the l7th century to the Regency period, you should enjoy this book
2932 This is one of the few books that our library fiction book group participants universally loved.  Not one negative comment on the book which is unusual for a fairly discriminating readership.  Our librarian said she found this book recommended in a newsletter published by independent bookstores which asked authors what book are they evangelists for.  This New York Book Review Classic was enthusiastically recommended by an author.  The writing is sublime, the plot original, the characters lovable and entertaining.  Some in our group described it as 'sweet', 'a gem', 'enchanting', 'humorous', and many said they were sorry when it ended.  The consensus was the author packed so much into a small novel, almost a novella.  We learned that it was made into a movie with Colin Firth as the young protagonist, a WWI vet who goes to an English village in Yorkshire to restore a medieval wall mural in a small church that was whitewashed about 300 years earlier.  His adventures there and the characters he meets make for a charming story. Jim Carlter who plays Carson, the butler in DOWNTON ABBEY, is the  stationmaster, Kenneth Branagh plays an archaeologist who is digging for a body buried hundreds of years earlier, Patrick Malahide is the unsympathetic and cold vicar and Natasha Richardson is his lovely young wife.  You may wish to read the book first, and then see the film.  This is one of the best novels I have read in the past 10-20 years.
2933 Laidlaw is hardboiled with a soft center.  There's a thread of compassion running through this book.  Tartan noir it's called.  A crime is committed; you know from the get-go who the murderer probably is. The suspense is in the wondering of will detective Laidlaw and his young partner Harkness catch the murderer before some bad guys get him?  The pacing is brisk, the dialogue is snappy.  Some compare the writing to Chandler.  You forget you are reading a book and feel you are witnessing the events.  Looking forward to reading the next in the series.
2934 Piggie and Gerald are at it again.  They see some of Piggie's friends surprising each other, and decide they'd like to play that game. too.  It doesn't work out quite the way they planned.  They decide maybe next time they will try just a game of tag instead.  Piggy and Gerald's expressions and body language are always fun to see.  If your child like Piggie and Gerald the Elephant, they will probably enjoy this little saga in the continuing arc of their relationship.
2935 What an adorable book!  If you have been fascinated by Dorothy Parker, or want to learn more about the witty and piercing critic, this novel is a humorous, light and delightful introduction.  If you want a bit of intelligent escapism, and don't mind suspending some disbelief for pure entertainment, you just might enjoy this novel.  I enjoy reading about smart women who can wield words.  Dorothy Parker is one of those women.  In this amusing novel  Dorothy materializes 'in spirit' as a guide, confidante and commentator on movie critic Violet Epp's life and work.  Violet deserves her name as she shrinks away from speaking up for herself in person.  In her movie reviews Violet is fairly fearless, but due to a childhood incident, she shies away from confrontation or even companionship.  If only she could channel the spirit of Dorothy Parker, one of her heroes.  When that wish comes about, suddenly shy Violet's life gets a lot more interesting.  Jerry Seinfeld once said that he has a little man in his head cracking jokes all of the time.  Dorothy Parker functions in somewhat the same way in this book, making you laugh with her pithy wit.  It is a great Friday night read when you don't want anything too deep, but you want smart.  More plot-driven than character-driven, I could easily see it as a light and funny movie.  While Violet is an engaging character - and really liked her boyfriend - Dorothy is equally the star of this book.  It will make you want to read more books about this wise and witty woman.  A 5-star read if you want something different that's original, light, and clever.
2936 The combination of white cheddar and the popcorn chips is a yummy duo. These chips are fairly guilt-free as they are low in calories and much healthier than potato chips which are high in fat. Total fat is 4g, or 9% of daily recommendation. There is NO saturated fat. Only 1g sugar and salt is only 9% daily allowance. They are gluten free. You can eat 18 chips for 135 calories.  Ingredients include: CORN, SUNFLOWER OIL, WHEY (MILK), MALTODEXTRIN, CHEDDAR AND BLUE CHEESE (CULTURED MILK, SALT, AND ENZYMES), CANOLA OIL, SALT, YEAST EXTRACT, CITRIC ACID, LACTIC ACID.  If you are looking a bit of a salty, crunch with the taste of white cheddar, these are satisfying.
2937 This is a rhyming and counting book about the first day of school.  It shows the sleepy children, the grumpy children, the late children, the bedhead children, who forgets to knock on the bathroom door - yikes!, who has pancakes for breakfast, who drops their plate, who walks to school and who rides the bus.  Finally, they all safely arrive and meet their joyous teacher.  Lots of diversity in the class.  Children who are worried or excited about the first day of school will enjoy this book - good for preschool, kindergarten and first grade. Should prompt good discussion about what to expect on the first day of school.  Fun illustrations, too!
2938 Our pit bull, Whitney, likes this chicken meal healthy weight dog food.  To be frank, when I put it in my hand, she didn't gobble it up.  However, I mix it with her other dog food and she likes it.  It's a healthy weight dog food, so should help her keep her girlish figure.  She gained a couple of pounds, and we want to keep her at her healthiest weight.  This dog food should help her do that.
2939 This is a charmer with a talented cast including Maggie Smith, Tom Courtenay, Billy Connolly, Pauline Collins, and Michael Gambon for starters. The setting is a retirement home for musicians. However, when one diva arrives at the home (Maggie Smith), all kinds of ruckus breaks out. The occupants want to put on a musical gala as a fund raiser starring the new diva in a quartet. Will she comply? The characters who occupy the home are a delight. There are amusing vignettes as part of the story. Enjoy stories with mature love affairs.
2940 If you're looking for a 100 calorie snack, this popcorn is packaged in amounts which are 100 calories popped.  I add a little melted butter mixed with olive oil.  The popcorn tastes light and fluffy.  There were no unpopped kernels.  However, the first time I popped it, I burned it as they said it might take about 3 minutes.  Well, it took only around 2 minutes.  I should have stayed in the kitchen to listen to when the popping slowed down.  So, don't assume it will take nearly 3 minutes.  This is delicious popcorn for the calorie count.
2941 If you enjoyed THE DAVINCI CODE, this is its predecessor.  Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist, is called in because a mysterious symbol has been branded on the chest of a dead scientist at CERN.  How you mix scientists, antimatter, cardinals and the Vatican in a mystery is an intriguing recipe. Brown manages to pull it off with Robert Langdon in the lead.  While I preferred THE DAVINCI CODE as I liked the art link and woman's spirituality theme, this book is great fun, too.  4.5 stars for me but might be 5 stars for you if you prefer the subject matter.  The movie based upon this book is entertaining to see after you've read the book.
2942 My grandmother had one of these nifty egg slicers when I was a child and I used to love slicing eggs in it for her.  For the past 20 plus years I've been chopping eggs by hand.  Finally splurged and bought this classic egg slicer and love it.  Why did I not buy one sooner?  Now that nutritionists are saying eggs have good cholesterol and you can eat them more than once or twice a week, I've been using them in salads and making egg salad sandwiches more often.  They are a great alternative to meat every night.  It's great to have this handy slicer to slice uniform slices which look attractive on the top of a chef salad.  I just saw on the product description here that you can slice the egg length-wise, swivel it around and slice it again across the width for smaller slices.  That will be great for egg salad or eggs in potato salad.  I'm delighted with this egg slicer!
2943 If you like popcorn and you like chips, this is a perfect marriage of the two. These have a white cheddar flavor that is tasty. These are a whole grain snack which are low in fat and sodium. Substitution is the name of the game when you're wanting to eat healthy and maintain or get to a healthy weight without depriving yourself a nutritionist taught me. Finding these chips was serendipity!  You can have 20 chips for about 130 calories--about 6 calories per chip!--and they taste as good, if not better, than potato chips. They are air-popped. If popcorn could be made into a chip, this is the result. They have no trans fats, not that high in sodium (about 5% of daily allowance), no cholesterol, not high carb with 2 g of protein and even a little iron. What's not to love? And 20 are very satisfying.  You can pack a bag in your purse or your child's lunch. As their bag says, they're the new shape of popcorn!
2944 This is a visually appealing overview of key Arts & Crafts pieces: furniture, fabric, rugs, lamps, ceramics and jewelry.  It also lists prices as of 2005.  It covers major designers, factories and guilds.  You will read about William Morris, the Stickley brothers, Mackintosh, Voysey, and Liberty and Co. among others.  Over 1000 items with descriptions are featured.  The color is vibrant and the layout is well-organized.  Ms. Miller is an expert on antiques and her knowledge is evident.  This is a very accessible book.  It appears a more current version of this book by Miller has been published which you may prefer.
2945 Pete the Cat fans should enjoy this latest addition to Pete's life.  Pete and Gus make cupcakes, and put them on the window sill to cool.  Then some start to go missing.  Who could the thief be?  Alligator, squirrel who loves sprinkles?  Other friends join the search for clues.  When the culprit is found - and all of the cupcakes have gone missing - Pete decides to forgive and give another chance to do the right thing.  It's a happy ending.  The colorful art is beguiling.
2946 When a well-known businessman falls off his balcony one evening, Detective Irene Huss and her colleagues get a juicy case.  First, there's the exquisite apartment, complete with a sauna.  Then there's the strange relatives: medicated wife and weird son.  There's the flamboyant friends in the form of an alcoholic weekly lunch partner, and a well-known opera singer.  Irene has her own problems as she's never home and her twin daughters are straying outside of her control.  I like to read mystery novels from different countries as they give you insight into the culture there.  I agree with some of the other reviewers than the translation seems a bit clunky at times.  But enjoyed the plot over all.  I'm thinking of recommending this police procedural to our library mystery group as it's fun to be in Sweden again through its pages.  It reminds me a bit of the Wallender mysteries, with a pleasant change of a female protagonist.  You also get into the mind of her boss who is more buttoned-up and ready to blow a gasket.  This is an entertaining escape without too much gore, violence and sex to offend readers.  Will read more in the series.
2947 These were fresh and tasty. So what are the nutrition facts for these bars?  * 140 calories per bar ~ much lower than a candy bar  * 4g of total fat with 10% of your saturated fat daily value  * zero cholesterol  * 4% of sodium  * 10% carbohydrate daily value  * 35% of fiber daily value - 9g  * only 7g of sugar - a nutritionist said try to keep under 8g for cereal so 7g is pretty good  * protein 2g - not a lot but you're not eating these for protein most likely  There is corn syrup in here. I will try to find another bar after noting that. Seems like they could make these without corn syrup. Hmmm..so the good news is these are low in fat, sugar and sodium but they have corn syrup.
2948 Bought this book for my son who requested it.  He is a game designer and uses data to discern information about players.  He also uses data to present ideas to clients and his boss, co-workers, etc. so wanted something with ideas on different ways to do that.  Primarily, he uses data to make other people care about what he's found, and make the data easier to digest, he says.  He found helpful ideas in this book.  The graphics are wonderful, quality of the book visually is excellent.  The author has a PhD in statistics from UCLA and has a site at FlowingData.  Some of the content in this book includes: *discover what data is and what you can learn from it *learn how to explore your data, find the story, and bring it to life *understand visualization that lets you present and express meaning in data *tap into your creative side and determine the most effective way to tell your story *compare tools for exploration and analysis *allow data, the story, and your goals to dictate visualization techniques with geometry, charts, maps, color, art and humor.  This book was helpful for his needs, and he is pleased with it.
2949 Why doesn't P. Zonka lay eggs?  Maud, Nadine and Dora are normal hens.  They lay eggs regularly.  But P. Zonka is a dreamer.  She wanders around the yard and soaks in the beauty of the red tulips, the orange cat with one blue eye, the sky at midnight, and the cherry blossoms.  P. Zonka drinks all of that in and one day lays an egg.  Wait until you see it!  I love this book.  The illustrations are charming and colorful.  This would make a great book for the spring, or any time of year.  Wonderful for children ages 3-8.  It uses some lyrical vocabulary, but the plot is easy to understand.  Great for a span of ages.
2950 If you haven't read a Georgette Heyer mystery, you're in for a treat.  Her deft characterizations, lively dialog and original plotting evident in her regency romances make their appearances in this mystery as well.  I laughed aloud several times reading this book.  It's worth reading the book alone for the character Randall, chief suspect, who always manages to say what will offend the other characters the most.  For example, to his officious aunt who discovers her husband has a mistress, Randall declares he'd have several mistresses if he were his uncle married to his aunt.  It's always delicious when Randall comes on the page, emitting his amusing and barbed comments, setting the scene in an uproar.  Fortunately for the reader, Randall makes quite a few entrances in this mystery comedy of manners, or in the case of Randall, lack thereof.  Georgette Heyer has transported her considerable talents and skills honed in her regency romances to this mystery novel.  If you enjoy Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers for their ability to capture the flavor of the stylish Golden Age 1930's era in which they lived, and project it as a backdrop in their mysteries, you'll see Heyer has the same dexterity.  The era is like another character in the book with its authentic vintage charm and style.  This is a gem of a mystery for Golden Age mystery aficionados to relish and cherish.
2951 Unusual song - quite different from her upbeat, bouncy ones.  This is more thoughtful, slower, deeper.  Fun to listen to.  Her fans will like it.
2952 This is a fantastic shirt. What to love about it:  * Its slim fit is slenderizing.  *  It is comfortable and looks great on.  * It is a mix of dressy and casual.  You can wear it for both.  * It is made out of a fine cotton which breathes and is machine washable.  * It's not too short in the sleeves or tight around the neck.  * It looks like a quality shirt - we bought three more in the colors teal, blue and white.
2953 Love it when they don't feature Grandma's as old, inactive, and boring.  If you saw the video of the 95-year-old grandma who still teaches yoga, you know what Grandma's are capable of.  The Grandma in this story is a ninja in pearls.  And does she have the moves.  Her moves cause her grandson Ethan's teacher to pass out.  But when she ends up deflating her grandson's soccer ball during a game, Ethan begins to wonder if maybe he'd rather have a more traditional Grandma.  But then she inspires him during a particularly challenging game.  He decides he likes his Grandma to be a ninja after all.  But she decides she doesn't want to be a ninja anymore.  Wait until you see what Grandma wants to be now.
2954 These Hershey's Miniature Assortments were some of my favorite candies to get and give out for Halloween when I was a child and now an adult. They aren't that high in sugar content or calories. They offer up a nice variety - favorites are the Mr. Goodbar and Krispy. Yum!  5 pieces of these are 200 calories and 22g of sugar. Saturated fat 35% of DVR. Low in sodium at 1%. If you can eat just one of these a day, that's only 40 calories and 4g of sugar. A nutritionist said try to stay under 7-8g of sugar for a bowl of cereal. The WHO says no more than 50g of added sugar a day, so 4g is okay for a little treat.  Ingredients: SUGAR; CHOCOLATE; COCOA BUTTER; PEANUTS; MILK; NONFAT MILK; MILK FAT; RICE FLOUR; CONTAINS 2% OR LESS OF: COCOA PROCESSED WITH ALKALI; LECITHIN (SOY); PGPR (EMULSIFIER); LACTOSE (MILK); SALT; MALT EXT RACT; MONOGLYCERIDES; NATURAL AND ARTIFICIAL FLAVORS
2955 I bought this for my dad for his 89th birthday.  He enjoys politics, and this author.  He says the book is very well written and fascinating.  The author is knowledgeable about events and has original ideas.  He is delighted with this gift.  I'm glad that I got it for him.  If someone likes this author and the topic, they will enjoy this book says my dad.
2956 Love reading this book to young children.  I also copied the shapes of the "clouds" and traced them on white flannel and made a flannel board story out of this story.  Children loved the flannel board version of this book, too.  It's a fun book to read.  Not much of a plot - more of a visually impressive book.
2957 Hellmann's mayonnaise is our favorite mayonnaise - it has a lovely, rich taste. This new real squeeze bottle is handy. We used it tonight for a tuna salad with hard boiled egg and spinach and it was delicious. It squirted out very handily.  This Hellman's mayonnaise is made with simple ingredients: Soybean Oil, Water, Whole Eggs and Egg Yolks, Vinegar, Salt, Sugar, Lemon Juice, Calcium Disodium EDTA (used to protect quality), Natural Flavors. Hellmann's says they are committed to using certified cage-free eggs in their products, but it doesn't necessarily mean they use them. I'm committed to cleaning my house, too, and losing weight.  Here's what Hellmann's says about their delicious mayonnaise: "Our authentic mayonnaise is rich in omega 3-ALA (contains 650 mg ALA per serving, 40 percent of the 1.6 gram daily value for ALA, 10 gram fat, and 1.5 gram saturated fat). Use it to make outrageously juicy meals like our parmesan crusted chicken. Hellmann's innovative NEW bottle design and custom clean lock cap let you squeeze more out with less waste and less mess."  There are 90 calories in a tablespoon of this mayo. There is zero sugar and it is low in sodium - only 4% of your DV. Low in cholesterol, too, at 2% DV. You can always mix it with lowfat plain yogurt if you want to dilute the calorie and fat content, and add it to you sandwiches and chicken and tuna salads. It is delicious.
2958 This is the story of friendship between a pill bug - which I'd never heard of - and a girl named Amelia.  Hank is a pill bug and he lives under a rock.  He ventures out into the wide world, creeps past a cricket, goes by a worm, and sees as ant carrying a potato chip.  A large grasshopper scares him.  But then he meets Amelia who likes to pretend she is Amelia Earhart.  She puts Hank on her helmet and runs all over pretending she is going to England to meet the Queen and to Paris to see the Eiffel Tower.  She and Hank are hungry after their adventures and settle down at a table where Amelia drinks from her juice box and Hank nibbles on his peppermint leaf.  After a few more adventures, Amelia sets Hank down and he crawls back home, happy to sleep under his rock again after a wonderful day with his best friend Amelia.  The author used to have pill bugs - he called them potato bugs - as pets in Ohio where he lived as a boy.  You will want to google pill bug.  This teaches children to be kind to bugs and not step on them.  A school class could read this and do a unit on bugs which are helpful in nature.  The illustrations are colorful, clear and fun in this book
2959 This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen, although some of it is profane.  Especially loved the scene with Trump Towers, on the New York subway and when Borat tries to check into a hotel.  I couldn't stop laughing.  When you need a humorous escape, you might enjoy this.  But nothing is sacred in this movie.
2960 This is a colorful introduction to shapes: circles, squares, triangles and even hexagons, octagons and ovals.  Children are supposed to find the colored shapes in a colorful image of a room or outdoor scene.  Children will enjoy finding the shapes. A teepee is a triangle etc.  It is a fun early learning book.  As an educator, I like books which teach children new concepts. Then you can do an art project such as a shape collage where you glue different color shapes onto a page.  The author and publisher has downloadable shape templates for kids to make their own pictures and then a site to upload their shape art work on them.
2961 The best part of this movie for me are the sets and scenery.  Each room is a masterpiece.  Next come the actors: Nick Nolte as America's first billionaire living in England, Kate Beckinsdale as his naive daughter, Uma Thurman as the passionate and worldly friend, Jeremy Northram as the impoverished Italian prince and Anjelica Huston as the older matchmaker with her own mate James Fox.  Each played their roles to perfection.  Next we have the plot taken from Henry James melancholy novel The Golden Bowl.  Adam Verver, the billionaire, collects things for a museum he is going to create in New York City. He also collects an Italian prince with a title to marry his innocent daughter.  The only issue is the Italian Prince has been in a relationship with Uma Thurman's character, Charlotte, a best friend of the billionaire's ingenue daughter.  Now the Prince and best friend have to hide the history of their relationship from both father and daughter.  The billionaire takes a fancy to his daughter's friend and asks her to marry him.  Now it's really complicated.  How they work out the intrigue is what this film is about.  Sometimes it is slow, and not much happens in the way of action.  It is about maturation and psychological change, as James' stories often are.  If you love Henry James' plots, you should enjoy this film.  I enjoy James' writing and characters more than his plots.  And adore his settings which often involve Italy, England and the United States around the turn of the century.  This is NOT Downton Abbey plotting.  It is much more subtle and melancholy.
2962 With over 700 full-color images in this book of some amazing rooms, design history authority narrates the evolution of color in various styles around the world.  It is an engaging and readable account.  If you are considering different color palettes for your home, Miller explains the color schemes that are associated with the various historical design periods.  Then she shows examples of rooms which use these colors and styles so you can see how your respond to them.  Most of the rooms are breathtaking.  Miller has a cultivated taste.  Some of the periods she discusses Georgian, Neoclassical, Victorian and Tuscan to name a few.  She also provides background on the predominant colors and provides a decor and color glossary of decorating terms.  This book will inspire you to consider color in an historical context and see which colors your heart keeps responding to.
2963 Have been enjoying this sherpa pink Himalayan salt.  It seems more potent than regular salt, so you only need a little bit.  Tonight I made sweet potatoes and sprinkled a few grains on the top.  The pink salt really enhanced the flavor of the potatoes.  1/4 tsp. is about 16% of your daily recommended sodium amount.  I just put a few in the palm of my hand and drop them on top of what needs salting.  The salt tastes salty but has a subtle flavor that is pleasing.  These are a treat for food aficionados.
2964 Children count the fish in this book who number up to 10.  Until a big fish with open mouth eats them all!  That part is very clever because the book has an oblong hole in it which represents the big fish's open mouth in which the 10 tiny fish go into.  You can count the fish in the big fish's mouth.  Then there's only one lonely big fish who is full left.  So, here's the rub.  If your child is tender-hearted and going to be devastated that all of these fish she has been counting get eaten, you may want to try another counting book.  However, if your child has a sense of humor, and won't take this book too seriously, then it's a very clever counting book.  So, four or five star read depending on your child.  The book is original in the way that the pages are cut rather like a fish fin which enables you to cut the fish on subsequent pages.  Thick cardboard pages keep the book sturdy.
2965 Each bar is eight squares of intense dark chocolate. Each square is about 60 calories each. There are only 5g of sugar per 4 squares so these are low in sugar--total fat is 38% daily value for four squares. A square a day of this intense dark chocolate is satisfying and healthy. Nutritionist now recommend an ounce of 70% cacoa chocolate a day. this is 86%. It's a healthy and tasty treat. I prefer it room temperature. This is a non-guilty pleasure and a satisfying dark chocolate treat.
2966 I like Kashi products, and tried this bar. To my taste buds, it's good, but I much prefer the Kashi almond dark chocolate and sea salt bars. The chocolate is integrated into the bar with that one instead of a frosting like this one. The frosting on this one was a little sweet for my taste buds. However, that is entirely subjective.  Calories are 120 in this bar, sugar is 7g, salt 50mg, fat 3.5g, protein 4g, whole grains 7g.  If you would like frosting on a granola bar with a sprinkling of coconut, this could be a 5-star treat for you!  Ingredients Rolled Whole Grain Blend (Hard Red Wheat, Oats, Rye, Triticale, Barley), Dates, Chicory Root Fiber, Brown Rice Syrup, Vegetable Glycerin, Evaporated Cane Juice, Soy Protein Isolate, Chocolate Liquor, Coconut, Soy Grits, Expeller Pressed Canola Oil, Walnuts, Unmodified Cornstarch, Evaporated Cane Juice Crystals, Yellow Corn Flour, Evaporated Cane Juice Invert Syrup, Rice Starch, Cocoa, Honey, Soy Lecithin, Natural Flavors, Oat Fiber, Evaporated Salt, Kashi Seven Whole Grains & Sesame Flour (Whole: Oats, Hard Red Wheat, Rye, Brown Rice, Triticale, Barley, Buckwheat, Sesame Seeds), Peanut Flour, Whey Protein Isolate, Almond Flour.
2967 My son was in London last week for the first time and he brought back this mug for our collection. Amazing he could have bought it on Amazon, too. He hand-carried it onto the plane. It's a perfect size for a cup of tea or coffee. Not too big or too small. It will always bring a smile on thinking about his first trip to London. I'm an anglophile, and teach classes on English design. It would be great to have one a desk to keep pencils and pens in also. It's very white and attractive. Will report back as we use it if a problem develops.
2968 A nutritionist recommended this cereal to me. It is high in protein and whole grains. It provides 20% of your daily protein and 40% of fiber. Some stats on it:  - Non-GMO Project Verified - 9g Protein - 8g Fiber - 3g Fat per serving - 16g of Whole Grains  For 3/4 cup, it is 190 calories and it has 13g of sugar.  The nutrition recommends to staying to 8g or under of sugar in cereal in general.  There is no actual sugar in the cereal, but there is cane syrup.  Ingredients include: Kashi Seven Whole Grains And Sesame Blend (Whole: Hard Red Wheat, Brown Rice, Barley, Triticale, Oats, Rye, Buckwheat, Sesame Seeds), Soy Flakes, Brown Rice Syrup, Dried Cane Syrup, Chicory Root Fiber, Whole Grain Oats, Expeller Pressed Canola Oil, Honey, Salt, Cinnamon, Mixed Tocopherols For Freshness.  I wouldn't eat it every day as I try to keep my sugar low, but it's great when you want a crunchy and tasty treat for breakfast which fills you up.
2969 This book is about hidden words in bigger words.  Such as the word ANT in elephANT.  PIG in PIGeon.  BAT in BAThroom.  The young girl goes to the beach looking for her trumPET.  Get it?  Not TRUMPet, so no Donald Trump showing up.  But her pet did.  The book asks who is in the BAThroom?  And there's a bat on the toilet.  Who fell into the fishbOWL?  Children will see an owl did.  So, that's the fun the story.  Probably best read to, and by, beginning readers who can spot short words in longer words and then look at the picture to see if they're right.  It's clever.  So, not much plot - more word play.
2970 If you are out in the sun, it's healthy to protect your skin from the sun's harmful rays.  This hat is cool and light weight and the brim covers the head adequately.  A family member got skin cancer on the tip of his ears from being out in the sun so much - he mows a lot of lawns as we have rental properties.  So, I got this hat for him and he likes it. It protects his ears. It breathes, isn't heavy and covers his ears.  It is lighter than it looks like it will be. It has a bit of cut-out of netting which allows air through. There are snaps to hold the brim of it up if you like.  Although it is a fishing hat, it seems like it would have multi-use.  Great for both sexes.  The color is neutral, and will go with everything. Fabric looks like it would resist dirt and sweat well.  We are very happy with this hat. (see pic below of close-up of hat.)  (sample provided for review)
2971 If you're looking for a nutritious snack and like the flavor of pinto beans and cheddar cheese, these have a very southwest taste and look to them.  They are high fiber(20% DV), 4 g protein, low in sodium and saturated fat.  They also have omega 3 with the flax seed.  They have a crispy crunch and are corn and gluten free.  10 chips are about 140 calories.  If you're having a southwest party, these might be fun to put out for appetizers along with tortilla chips and salsa.  They have an original taste which I like.
2972 Very insightful, content-rich book on temperament based upon Myers-Briggs and Jung theory.  Like to use the 70 question assessment by Keirsey to help in career assessments.  This is fairly easy to read and understand although it has academic underpinnings and references.  It helped me to understand the types and temperaments much better.
2973 My son requested this for a Christmas present as he eats a lot of vegetables.  Steaming, instead of boiling, vegetables retains more of the nutrition and keeps them from getting soggy.  They are much more crisp steamed.  He told me he is delighted with this steamer.  It met his expectations and he recommends it highly.
2974 Love this flavor.  We serve it at our book group.  I take the extra home and make an iced coffee out of it: one cup cold coffee, two cups lowfat milk, a few tablespoons half and half if you want, 1 tsp dark cocoa, stevia sweetener to taste, 8 ice cubes - put all in blender to break up the ice cubes and blend.  Makes 3 cups delicious coffee for about 200 calories.
2975 Bought this for my dad for his birthday and he was appreciative.  He likes to buy the occasional mystery or vintage jazz music so this way he can spoil himself without guilt when he stumbles upon something he likes.
2976 There aren't a lot of books on Biedermeier style so any quality book is welcome.  This book provides a description of the style's origin.  Following the origin information and other background information on designs, from pages 65-96 there are full-color photos of some of the most gorgeous furniture.  As the wood is one of the distinguishing features of Biedermeier, this section is invaluable.  Prices are given for the pieces featured.  Following the full color photos of furniture pieces is a black and white gallery of furniture with "values" and measurements for over 100 pages.  The furniture is organized by type:  writing cabinets, high chests of drawers, upright cabinets, wardrobes, secretaries, desks, sofas, benches, armchairs, occasional tables among others.  This would be a very helpful book to antique dealers and Biedermeier style enthusiasts because of the abundance of photos to visually teach you about the style.
2977 If you like gritty atmospheric British mysteries, this series delivers. Jack Taylor is a renegade, former "guard" in Galway, Ireland. The background setting of this seaside town of Ireland provides a lot of the charm of the series. Jack is down and out, helping families of victims of crime. He has a soft heart for the underdog.  He doesn't play by the rules, but he's effective. I don't know how he's still standing, the number of times he gets attacked, but he always lives to fight and drink another day. Aiding him is an attractive and smart female cop, a sympathetic chief of police who cuts him slack when he can, and he teams up with a fun and smart sidekick in episode two. He also has a very understanding landlady. The dialogue is colorful and witty. There is a lot of profanity and some graphic violence in every show, but the acting is terrific and Ireland is a delight. Wonderful cinematography.  Based on the novels by Ken Bruen, the plots are original. If you didn't like the first show in this series, keep watching as the second one is better.
2978 Missing your sandwich?  Well, the bear may have eaten it.  He woke up from hibernation and was hungry.  He went looking for food and ended up in the big city.  Finally, he saw a sandwich sitting on a park bench.  Was it your sandwich?  What DID happen to your sandwich?  This book offers up some ideas.  There's a cute little narrator who may be unreliable who may have sandwich on his breath.  An adult may need to give hints to the child as to what actually happened to have the story make sense.  I didn't get it the first time I read it, but caught on.
2979 In general I prefer books with words.  There are a few exceptions like THE SNOWMAN.  This book doesn't need words, as the humorous illustrations capture the nuances of a crocodile's daily life as he goes about a usual day: choosing a tie, getting splashed on by a car, riding the elevator, taking the subway, buying flowers, getting some take-out.  But where is Mr. Crocodile going?  That's the surprise, and is a fun ending to the story.  Children will enjoy finding Mr. Crocodile on every page.  This is an original and entertaining story which many children will enjoy.
2980 This is one of the most amusing books I've read in a long time.  It's almost like a comic strip in plot.  A young wolf tries to capture some prey - a bunny and chicken - but grants them a last wish.  While he goes to get what they want they escape.  Finally he captures an equally polite young boy, who wants a drawing, and takes it back to his house to show his friends.  The wolf follows him.  Guess who is there!!! Young children will like the joke.  I did. It will tickle your funny bone.  And the illustrations are droll, too.  It's written by a French author.  Maybe an example of offbeat French humor?  Amusant as the French say.
2981 Henry is a young boy who got Leo, a stuffed toy lion, when he was two-years-old.  Leo is his best friend.  When Henry's Papa wanted to go on a walk, Henry knew that Leo liked to take walks, too.  Henry's sister said Leo wasn't real, and just a stuffed toy.  But Henry knew better.  Henry carried Leo in his arms during the walk.  But when it was time to start back for home, Henry was tired.  His Papa carried him.  But what happened to Leo?  That's what Henry wondered when he woke up at home.  It was too late to find Leo in the Nearby Woods in the dark.  Would Leo be afraid and sad in the dark?  Something magical happens for several pages which children will enjoy seeing.  It involves the other forest animals.  The author said she rescued a sick owl and woodpecker once, and you'll see them in this story.  You may want to tell your children that so they can look for these birds.  This story has a happy ending, and is a comforting read.  For children who are attached to their stuffed toys or dolls, they will understand how Henry felt about Leo.  The art work is unusual and evokes magic and mystery.
2982 Clever mystery in how Dame Agatha incorporates a nursery rhyme into murder.  Although this isn't my favorite mystery of hers, I enjoyed it.  The film versions of it are well-done also.  This mystery takes you back into the 20th century and lives in those great English manors.
2983 If you are trying to get away from soda, this San Pellegrino sparkling natural mineral water is a refreshing treat. Love it very cold. It is great to mix with a splash of juice, too. How delicious!
2984 Love this mustard. Sodium is only 3% of your DV.   Ingredients: DISTILLED VINEGAR, WATER, MUSTARD SEED, MUSTARD BRAN, SALT, TURMERIC, PAPRIKA, GARLIC POWDER, SPICES, EXTRACTIVES OF PAPRIKA, MUSTARD OIL.  This is calorie-free. It's all natural ingredients and quite tasty!
2985 Pigeon is tired of being told what to do. He feels glum. When the bus driver suggests perhaps Pigeon should put on a happy face, Pigeon is mad and sad. After all, does Pigeon tell the bus driver how to drive his bus? The bus driver is sly, and finally gets Pigeon to do what he wants. Read this book to find out how. This is humorous and a short tale. It amuses. Pigeon has personality plus.
2986 Bought this for my son's apartment in NY which has a small kitchen and not much counter space and no dishwasher.  His dishes overflow in the dish tray to dry, so bought this for him for additional dishes.  We put cups primarily on it and they dry nicely.  It's bigger than he thought it was which he was pleased with.  It's a great size.  I used it this weekend, and was pleased with how it worked.
2987 If Nancy Drew were a British 12 year old living in London, and a cartoon, she would be the totally awesome Maisie Hitchins. If Agatha Christie's Miss Marple had a childhood, she would be Maisie Hitchins.  The 10 year old ripped through the book and then I got to read it to the younger ones in the home. Now I need to track down the first two books in the series. We all Loved the illustrations.
2988 Sure to be a classic.  I got this for my 12 year old but I gobbled it up. I think to  truly appreciate it the reader should be closer in age to 13 or 14 at the least.  Told by the 76 year old Hannah circa 1930(?). She is telling the story of her life in a rural vernacular that is easy on tongue but might be easier to read by an teenager.  At age 6 she was living with her beloved mother and father in Hobart Tasmania (an island off the southern coast of Australia) in a home built by her uncle on the river Durwent. Her father was a whaler and would fill them with adventures when he was home.  Tragically in the first chapter the family and family friend Becky Carson (age 7) are caught in a Flood killing the parents and stranding the girls. They are rescued by a female Tasmanian Tiger (now extinct). The live with the Tyger and her mate for 4 years and become wild themselves. Becky's father is finally successful in finding them and book tells in realistic and heart wrenching detail what happens to to the five of them.  Keeper!
2989 My 13 year old loved it.  Set 250 years ago in England, 16 year old Kit Bristol finds out his employer is also Whistling Jack, a thief, when Kit finds him dying from an ambush. Through a series of misadventures everyone thinks Kit is Whistling Jack, and Kit ends up on a run for his life (with his new awesome horse, Midnight) hoping to find safety in Ireland. Kit's first adventure is Whistling Jack's dying wish to free the faerie Princess Morgana.  This story made me flash back to seeing the movie Captain Blood with Errol Flynn for the first time when I was 12 or 13 and found the adventure and swashbuckling derring do a huge entertainment.  The line drawings and full page illustrations made this a keeper for the adult in the family.
2990 After devouring this book I spent a 3 day weekend reading everything I could find on the main characters, I just didn't want the storytelling to end. The author certainly knows how to tell a story that keeps the reader compulsively turning pages. By the last page I was wondering how I had never heard of the the esteemed journalist (for The New Yorker until age 90) Emily 'Mickey' Hahn (I spent a whole day reading all I could on her 50 plus novels)  who, at age 30,  visited Shanghai in 1935 of the eve of the 1937 Japanese invasion of China, and didn't leave until she was evacuated in 1943 in a prisoner exchange - and in those 8 years lived more life then most people in 80 years.  The Cathay Hotel and tycoon Sir Victor Sassoon (his family alone took a day for me satisfy my curiosity) feature prominently. Hahn wrote about, and became lovers (he was already married) with, the wealthy and attractive Chinese poet Zau Sinmay (I spent another day reading all I could find on him), he did her no favors introducing her to smoking opium, she became an addict who luckily kicked the habit.  The author wrote a great article in the NY Times in 2014 that you can find online about Sassoon and the Cathy Hotel:  the-man-who-changed-the-face-of-shanghai
2991 If you are in the mood for a rollicking good read than put this on your bookshelf.  Delightful characters throughout the novel and tremendous well paced writing.  The twists and turns and surprises were a delight to find in a romance novel.  You will not want to put this down until the last page.  I would love to see more collaborations by these authors - Don't miss their other novels -  'Madame President' or 'First Lady'
2992 my 14 year old young man loved it, even though the magical realism wasn't a major element. However, I was rolling my eyes much of the time. It was like James Michener's Centennial, Larry McMurtry's Lonesome Dove, a Louis L'Amore western, a Cormac McCarthy western, a Zane Grey western, plus John Wayne's 'movie The Searchers' - all rolled into one book and observed in present tense by one teenager. But, the target audience in our family loved it , so a 5 star rating.
2993 I tried two shades, 30w Bisque for nighttime or summer when I have a tan, and 25n Natural for day time and winter months when my pale Irish skin can verge on florescent, Both worked great. They went on super smooth, blended easily and as lightly as a day lotion. not sticky at all - I highly recommend for when you are looking for light foundation that gets the job done. Blends into my skin flawlessly.  Both are true to what you see on your screen.
2994 5th in the The Lemonade War Series featuring 10 year old Brother and Sister, Evan and Jessie who are in the same 5th grade class. Picked this to read with my 7 year old nephew (of one sibling) and 8 year old niece (of another sibling) - both loved it and got into the adventure.  Their parents have long been divorced. In this book, their absentee father shows up to care for them while their mother must leave on a crucial business trip. Then he takes off on a business trip leaving them on their own (were he to be a casualty of the wars he covers as a journalist it would not cause me pain), and as a Cat 1 hurricane hits. 2 days of flooding are ably handled by the kids, before their mother can reach them. Her recap of the events was saintly.  Other titles in the series:  The Candy Smash (2013): Valentine's Day is coming up and someone has been leaving personalized boxes of candy hearts for each of their classmates! But who? 8 year old Jessie is the class newspaper investigative reporter so she is on the case. Her more mature brother has more important things on his mind like keeping that he likes poetry a secret to avoid teasing and still figure out his first crush on a girl. > The Bell Bandit (May 7, 2013) > The Lemonade Crime (Apr 3, 2012) > The Lemonade War Dec 6, 2011)
2995 For 12 year old Willow Chance, it has never been easy for her to make friends.  Willow is a self described person of color adopted at birth by loving parents, who are white. She is a genius with a couple obsessions one with medicine and the other with plants however at her school in California the combination lead to weekly sessions with the school's inept child psychologist.  Willlow loves her life with her adoptive parents. Tragedy strikes when her parents die in a car accident. Her BFF  Mai Nguyen convinces her mom, Pattie, to take care of Willow temporarily, Pattie comes to love Willow intensely.  The story revolves around how Willow is able to push through her grief and fear to make a new family of choice and the journey to her happily ever after is fresh and lovely.
2996 Germany after the close of World War 2.  Mason Collins, Chicago homicide police, fired for corruption, the US Army took him and he was captured at the Battle of Bulge, was sent to a concentration camp at Buchenwald on the way to a POW camp. Now he is working a  gruesome murder investigation for the Army.  The army wants him to look the other way, but his moral compass demands he id the murderer before they kill again.  Enjoyable.
2997 I do love Campbell's products,  so I will probably order the variety pack to try them all and give the Tavern pot roast to our food bank. The sodium wasn't an issue - I just didn't need to salt the dish. I am not a big mushroom eater so I was pleased to see the mushrooms were minimal, but the vinegar overwhelmed the garlic and mushroom - that was an unpleasant surprise.  We make pot roast 6 times a year maybe more. simple recipe. we dry the meat with a paper towel, coat the meat with minced garlic and sear the meat in a cast iron skillet (or pot), then put in in the slow cooker/crock-pot with small potatoes and diced carrots with beef broth for 8 hours on high. So I ordered the Tavern style sauce as an alternative.
2998 In the middle of freaking nowhere New York State. Ari is still a child herself and finds herself struggling with raising a baby. While I am not given to throwing so many F-bombs myself I would say her language was pretty realistic for her age and background. I mostly liked the novel because it struck me as so original.
2999 A perfect gift for an author or anyone who uses a pen.  Small, elegant, a nice weight and feel in your hand.  The rainbow of colors )including rainbow - lol!) enables you to find them no matter where you keep them (think black purse and chrome or pink pen). Not only is the pen unique in design it is also writable from any angle, never have the ink flow die because you aren't writing  from the one angle.  We get the one without the clip so it doesn't snag on clothes or other objects, easy to keep in a pocket or jacket.  Will never buy any other pen.
3000 For 30 year old Nina Wentworth (who we first met in the second Blackberry Island book 'Three Sisters') nursing comes naturally, she has devoted her life to her beloved mother and sister (so much so that she gave up on her dream of medical school, and her lover, to stay with her irresponsible mother, Bonnie, and put her sister through college). Just as she thinks that her life is lacking, Dylan (her first love and now a successful doctor). Also a hunky fighter-pilot, Kyle, enter the picture (lucky!) if only he didn't used to crush on her when she babysat him (creepy).  Her sister, Averil, is a challenge to love (basically she is toxic at the moment), she is restless in her life (which she feels she has lived for Nina), is frustrated in her career (aren't we all?) and she is not honest with her husband, Kevin, about having children.  LOL non-spoiler moment for me in chapter one. Living in the Pacific North West myself I could totally relate to Nina's being in a cell reception dead zone, in the pouring rain, with a broken down car, and having to hoof it to help! The author nailed it.  FYI - Blackberry Island is a wonderful creation by the author tucked between Banbridge Island and Seattle - it's a bedroom community as well as a tourist destination via Ferry or Bridge.  * I added for a link to a graphic of the island from the author's web page in the comment section
3001 Autumn day 2006, the Isle of Wight, in the English Channel, I'm thinking cold wet bleak. Jack is notified his beloved brother, Tom, (younger by 8 years and unseen for the last 12 years) has been killed in combat (Iraq). Jack, now nearly 40 years of age, was once a dairy farmer, the son of a farmer, in the beautiful North Devon countryside. Mad Cow and Foot-and-Mouth diseases destroyed their former livelyhood ("Jebb Farm" for generations in their family, gone). He and his childhood sweetheart Ellie now run/own a vacation/holiday trailer park, Lookout Cottage, 32 units strong.  At the end of the first chapter we have Jack lying in bed with a shotgun. The thing is I had to read the chapter three times to figure out what the heck was going on - I think it might have made a better movie? We come to find Jack's mother, Vera, died when they were children. She had overseen the farm. The father, Michael, not the warmest of guys to begin with became a bitter old man, driving Tom out of the house at age 18. And it only gets worse. This is a novel worthy of Eugene O'Neil and an acquired taste - save for a long weekend when all you have is time to read.  I will try Waterland which is considered the best fiction from England in the last 70 years or LAST ORDERS, which won the Booker Prize in 1996.
3002 Thank you NPR for the January 5th author interview that hooked me to reading this novel which is told with compelling vivid writing. I would not have wanted to miss it. Let no one mistake that this is fiction as it happens everywhere and the stories need to be told and perhaps no day we can hope they vanish from the earth as Izzy & Gene (Nelly & Marnie's un-parents happily do).  Hat's off to the author for bringing the elderly neighbor Lennie into the story, his character adds even more humanity to the novel with his need for caring and caring he gave.  A Keeper.
3003 A surprisingly sad as well as sweet story. Told in a format of journal entries (which I find cumbersome and unemotional). What surprised me was that grandma Z's life going back 40 years plays such a large role in the book.  I got this for my 12 year old but I will wait a year to give it, I think it may be of more interest by then. And I can also add the authors Dairy Queen Trilogy to the mix (Dairy Queen, The Off Season, and Front and Center) which play to an older audience.
3004 perfection - if you are looking for a gift for your loved one you can not go wrong with this very attractive jacket (unless you live in the tropics then not so much - lol). Fits perfect (medium). I was afraid it was going to look cheap - not at all. No exaggeration, you really can believe all the 4 & 5 star reviews.
3005 "The Stripper and the Butch Wannabe"  Six of my favorite authors: Catherine Lundoff Nairne Holtz Renee Strider DL King Betty Blue Charlotte Dare New voices for me: Gala Fur Sarah Ellen Rachel Charman Erica Gimpelevich Heidi Champa ADR Forte Theda Hudson Anamika Xan West Kiki DeLovely Sinclair Sexsmith Kirsty Logan Kenzie Mathews Giselle Renarde
3006 From the first chapter to the very last there are elements that will surprise the reader with the depth of character development, the decisions the characters make and the direction the story takes.  I'm almost glad the book is only 220 pages long - that means it is very easy to read again and again.  I don't want to give any of the wonderful plot away. I will say that the reader learns a tremendous amount about how the main characters feel about themselves and each other from the first chapter.  This novel could be labeled a romance but it is so much more.  It is more a story of commitment and how two different people deal (or don't deal) with the course their relationship takes.  There is also wonderful humor and probably the funniest baby shower ever given takes place.  Don't miss reading the re-issued novel published by Bywater Books  from the publisher's website - Sage Bristo is a woman of conviction. Four years into her relationship with Deanne, Sage faces the limits of love, trust, understanding, and commitment, and the emotions run strong.
3007 Held up as expected. We would choose the red next time so they stand out coming off the baggage claim carosel at the airport. Two weeks, two flights and 6,000 miles, the luggage holds up; and the castors/wheels fulfill every claim. We are very happy. The 3 peicce set is perfect for this 50 year old. Rather than lugging a 50 pound bag, cramming everything into one large suitcase and hoping it doesn't weigh more than 50 pounds to avoid the penalty charge, we spend the extra $35 each way and take 2 suitcases for our 2 week vacations.
3008 Time magazine writer who covered the Middle East & Muslim cultures.  I ordered the book after listening to a segment on National Public Radio "Ancient Texts Argue For An Islamic Feminist Movement" you can also read or listen to it on the internet.
3009 Wealthy 29 year old Victoria lost her family twenty years ago in a fire, and she has spent the intervening years plotting her revenge against the man she holds responsible. No one is safe from her path of destruction, even Danielle who she adored when they were children.  The story takes many twists and turns. At times I was reminded of the romance novels by Rosemary Rodgers I read as a teenager. The novel is loaded with angst, tragedy, passion and huge transgressions against innocents.  If you enjoyed this book don't miss the author's other novel - For the Love of a Woman
3010 Heart Pounding Story  Terrific story - This sequel is possibly even better then the first story 'The Clinic'.  From the publisher's website - A small party of five Amazons camps in a high mountain meadow, healing from the wounds inflicted by a posse of City soldiers. Word reaches Jesstin and Brenna of a grave danger threatening the Amazon village of Tristaine. While Brenna struggles to find her place in the clan and the love between her and Jess grows, Tristaine is threatened with destruction when a crucial betrayal brings the City soldiers down upon the village. Brenna's emerging psychic gifts aid Jess and her warriors in a final bloody confrontation against the forces bent on destroying the Amazon way of life.  The story of Tristaine is continued in the third in the series 'Tristaine Rises' published in August 2006 by Bold Strokes Books.
3011 #4 Will Cochrane British intelligence service MI6 & CIA field operative. Cochrane's mission takes him to Norway, on a demeaning mission as a sniper and a waste of his skills.  The mission goes haywire when a meet between CIA spy Ellie Hallowes and her Russian informant, code name Herald, are attacked by Russians. To save her life he kills them all (the attackers that is) which was against direct orders not to. Enter the CIA, MI6, the FBI, and the Russians to hunt him down from Norway to Greenland to Canada and the US.  Old nemesis and Russian spymaster, Antaeus, is also out for revenge on an epic global scale after Will planted a car bomb that killed his family and critically injured him.  Add to that, Will uncovers "Ferryman," a CIA operation to assassinate Cobalt, the money-man of major world terrorism.  If that's not enough Cochran uncovers a Russian mole in the CIA.  Want a bit more? search "Meet the spy who is harder than James Bond" for a terrific author interview.  Series: Spycatcher (2011), Sentinel: A Spycatcher Novel (2012), Slingshot: A Spycatcher Novel (2013), Counter Spy: A Spycatcher Novella (2014),
3012 I very unique story that is beautifully written.  I started this novel one afternoon and couldn't put it down until finished.  It is a real page turner and the words flow as you become engrossed in the characters lives.  Excellent secondary characters bring the story to life.  I totally agree with Dyamond's revirew below.  I can't wait to read the sequel "Many Roads to Travel' when it is re-released in 2006.  this is from the publishers website and it appears it will be re-issued in 2006  TJ Meridian, crippled in an attack on her and her brother, returns to Meridianville, Texas, a small town that her father all but destroyed ten years ago when he closed his ranch and meatpacking plant.  Intending to right the wrongs, TJ, with the help of two friends, proposes to bring prosperity back to the area by restocking the ranch and modernizing the packing plant.  When TJ's prized horse becomes ill, a local veterinarian is called to treat the animal.  The vet, Dr. Mare Gillespie, has lived in Meridianville for the past ten years and has seen the poverty caused by Thomas Meridian's withdrawal from the area.  Like most of the native residents, she harbors a great dislike for the family, yet she and TJ are each intrigued by the other woman and a relationship develops.  Together they discover love and friendship that endures through personal misunderstandings, a night attack on the ranch, and an ecological disaster that could destroy the town and surrounding lands.  Culminating in a life-threatening accident that requires some hard decisions, True Colours is the exploration of hope and love and one woman's struggle to clear her name.
3013 He says the Leather strap feels great on his wrist and the size is perfect for his tall frame.  He's only been wearing it for 30 days and no issues with keeping time.  His grandfather left him with his Lucien Piccard circa 1970 gold watch which he wears on special occasions and this is a perfect elegant watch that looks and feels terrific every day.  Lucien Piccard brand was founded by Abraham Blumstein (1900 - 1984), who became a leader in the wristwatch and jewelry industries and retired in 1968.  Mr. Blumstein came to NYC from Poland at the age of 17. He founded Lucien Piccard in 1931.  One of the biggest watch thefts in the NYC area was November 1979 of $2.1 million in Lucien Piccard wristwatches from Arnex Industries, the sole American producer and distributor of the watches. Founded in 1983, Lucien Piccard/Arnex Watch Company Inc. was a mid-sized organization in the watch and clock vendors industry located in Hollywood, FL. Walter Kidde & Company owned the brand for a time in mid-1980s. In 2011 the brand named was acquired out of bankruptcy by a holding company, currently it is owned by the Swiss Legend group, located in Hollywood Florida USA.
3014 My 6 year old was more delighted then I imagined he would be. Each of his friends when they came over to the house for a playdate was shown the light - lol! And they all got a chance to use the remote to their clear and vocal delight. Right now it is in his bedroom but will probably migrate to the playroom in the basement. We've now heard all his sayings over 100 times, but he still giggles. We have to take the remote away at night though or hear "I'm Olaf and I like Warm Hug" well after bed time. lol!
3015 Our 10 year old loved this book. The humor and suspense, the story and the characters were a wonderful mix - she already asked us if the author has any other books.  11 year old Isabella is growing up in NJ (trust me she is one lucky girl) when her school life and her home life collide her fabrications she told to fit in at school back fire thanks to her cousin Vinny.
3016 Perfect, lightweight for an emergency (we live in a tsunami prone area of the Pacific Northwest). We can put the cat in the carrier and either put in the back seat of a car or use as a backpack if needed. We use it regularly for trips to the vet and out cat has plenty of room it lay down and sleep as well as plenty of height to sit up fully and comfortably. The roller is terrific although our cat weighs 13 pounds and is easily carry-able.
3017 A believable story. Nice Debut. Told in alternating chapters by Leah and Quinn. For me, it misses as a romance, and the story never grabbed me, however the writing was wonderful, creative. I am glad I ordered it, and will look for the author's next title.  Leah meets Henry Lynch (neither are over age 25) in a New York City bar, a whirlwind courtship results in marriage. Leah envisions a romantic life moving to his hometown on the coast of Maine. That's not exactly what she gets (Henry lives in the home he grew up in, his parents died in separate tragedies in the last 5 years). She finds work at the small town paper, owned by Henry's antagonistic sister (Henry's sister is the only thing that didn't ring true for me).  Quinn Winters is also a From-Away, hunting down her bio-father, Carter Marks (a folk singer). Quinn is the result of a brief affair, her mother now dead Quinn wants to meet Carter. She too is hired on the paper. Her snarky sarcastic self is a highlight of Leah's day.  How the townies, Leah, Quinn and their loved ones make it all work is the rest of the story.
3018 For the bird lovers out there. An eye opening read, the actress (who is epic in everything I have seen her in) has traveled (Belize, Bhutan, Ecuador, Madagascar, Newfoundland, Thailand) with field biologists for the past 35 years, in addition to being  a trustee of the Wildlife Conservation Society, a board member of the American Bird Conservancy, the American Birding Association, and a Commissioner of New York State Parks. She currently sits on the board of the National Audubon Society, the Advisory Council of Birdlife International.
3019 I could not be happier having read this novel. I truly felt I was on this adventure with the characters.  Mary Kate is using her college degree at her home town school and dating the assistant principal who is the catch of the county yet gets on her last nerve enough that she has already declined his initial marriage proposal. She is entranced at the thought of reaching the summit of Mt Kilimanjaro and at age twenty-four sets out to do it.  Addison is the American born child of a British banker and a Peruvian mother who divorced when she was fourteen. She continued to school in America and considers herself American. She has completed her MBA and her father insists she move to London to work in his company. Her last gasp of independence is a trek to the highest free standing peak in the world.  As always with this author the writing is fresh and the characters beautifully, warmly fleshed out. The humor is spot on and laugh out loud funny. The friendship that develops between the members of the hiking group and especially between Addison & Mary Kate are totally fun to read. The romance that develops between Mary Kate and Addison is fascinating to watch and the passion that unfolds is erotically intense.  Love the story.  This is a keeper!  If you enjoy this novel don't miss the author's other novels - Without Warning Mulligan House on Sandstone Just This Once Out of Love Secrets So Deep Sumter Point After Shock
3020 The author had me until David tells Ruth that he killed her cat, Sparky, because he hates cats because they kill birds.
3021 Should be required reading in all schools. 3rd grader Gavin, and his family, have moved to a new home, new neighborhood, new school system. He is an all around good kid. Had plenty of friends before but is not having much luck breaking into this new life. His one new friend is something of two-faced weasel and ends up getting Gavin in trouble which leads to Gavin needing to make some quick cash which he does by taking care of his great aunt's yappy little dog. My heart really went out to Gavin, but luckily he has a terrific family and based on a solid upbringing Gavin wins it all in the end, which doesn't help much when you become the target of bullies who sense new prey.  Keeper!
3022 Brilliant - I loved every minute of this book including the perfect finish.  No one is likable. except for poor Daisy - but she is the beloved family dog. It was so refreshing to read a book where I don't have to pull for anyone. Where I don't have to care or be sad for someone. It was like going to a party where you don't know anyone and you can just observe their behavior and be fascinated when they behave poorly and enjoy it as much as when they behave well.  The author gets major surprise points for me that the sexual tension and euphoria is between the husbands. Their brief torrid affair (the novel takes place over a 2 week period) brought on by the need to escape the Nazi occupation (and inherent fear) was believable and not prurient in the least. All four characters are delightfully self-centered and amazingly self-absorbed.  The author did a terrific job bringing 1940 Lisbon to life.
3023 Set in London, England 12 year old Maisie lives in her Grandmother's boardinghouse and aspires to be a detective like her idol, Gilbert Carrington.  In her first success she rescues a puppy someone has tried to drown - right there you are either going to want your tiny tot to be exposed to the cruelties of the world or not. I chose yes and my 9 year old had a lot of questions. Like Maisie, she thought the sociopath should be locked away forever. Her rescue she names Eddie and immediately he is breaking the law by stealing from George who is the butcher's delivery boy. Maisie has a series of adventures with a cast of characters - my 9 year old was thoroughly entertained - however she did need a bit of translating from English to American slang.  The illustrations are black-and-white illustrations and the time period probably 100 years ago.  Readers will eagerly await this spunky, saucy new amateur detective's next caper
3024 this one, not so much.  First I was surprised at the number of factual errors.  I wonder at Harlequin letting them get through.  Ultimately I didn't care all that much for Margot the Heroine.  Others may love it.
3025 and also poignant, sad, insightful and brutally honest. I was crying with laughter, tears running down my face reading 11 panels on shopping with her mother seeing a sale on pantyhose. This is a gift I plan on giving to every friend for the next 12 months.  Keeper!
3026 A truly feel good series in these troubled times we now live in.  I am addicted to the author's other series '#1 Ladies' Detective Agency' and its proprietor Precious Ramotswe, Botswana's "premier lady detective".  So was thrilled to try his other series begun in 2003 with 'The Sunday Philosophy Club' and now the ninth novel in the series 'The Uncommon Appeal of Clouds'.  This whimsical series is set in the cobblestoned streets of historic Edinburgh, Scotland. Featured are the  philosopher (and unstoppable amateur detective) Isabel Dalhousie, her no-nonsense housekeeper Grace, her nemesis Professor Dove, her romantically challenged niece Cat, and Eddie, Cat's assistant at her deli.  Isabel is a single, fortysomething, Scottish-American woman who edits (and now owns) the esteemed 'Review of Applied Ethics' and hosts 'The Sunday Philosophy Club'. Not only is Isabel hilarious, smart and intuitive she's also set for life as her mother left her well off enough that she often donates anonymously to charity. Along the way Isabel develops an affection for her niece's ex, the handsome bassoon playing (15 years younger) Jamie. This eventually leads Charlie their son, however, not immediately, becoming a married woman.  If you enjoyed this you will probably be doing what I just did and order the other 8 in the series: * The Sunday Philosophy Club * Friends, Lovers, Chocolate * The Right Attitude to Rain * The Careful Use of Compliments * The Comfort of Saturdays aka The Comforts of a Muddy Saturday * The Lost Art of Gratitude * The Charming Quirks of Others * The Forgotten Affairs of Youth  A KEEPER!
3027 A National Book Award-nominated novel, the story focuses on a day in the life of two New York City teenagers and alternates the point of view we get to see their feelings about each other, their families, friends, neighborhoods, their world. Daniel, the son of Korean shop owners, is having an interview for a slot at Yale University and Natasha, whose Jamaican parents are in the country illegally, is in the process of being deported.  The young adult in our family, age 15, liked that the main characters acted their age and could be snarky and funny as teenagers can be. I liked that Daniel was a good kid - one who any family would be lucky to have.  From the author of the YA best-selling Everything, Everything.
3028 A Delight. Kudos to the cover artist Sarah Watts, the book practically leapt into my hands with the gorgeous and evocative cover, and lucky me the story is a gem. The vernacular is true and the story suspenseful. This a worthy book that will make an excellent gift for any 9 to 13 year old in your life. Set over 3 Christmases and a sequel to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tru-Nelle/dp/1328740951/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tru & Nelle</a>. Opens with the return to Alabama of 11 year old Truman 'Tru' and reunited with BFF's Nelle who is 2 years older and 'Big Boy". The bulk of the novel takes place 2 years later when 13 year old Tru has skipped out from his boarding school and hooks up again with his friends in Alabama. The epilogue is 19 years later Christmas 1956 Tru is famous for his 2 books, 2 novels, 1 play, a Broadway musical, 2 movie screenplays and assorted short stories in magazines, Nelle is given a gift all authors dream of.
3029 YA fantasy novel, Book 1 of 3 in the Light series.  Set in Monteray California finds have a tougher time being in love, for one thing he is Fae (a truly illegal immigrant) a mythical being or legendary creature in European folklore, a form of spirit, often described as metaphysical, supernatural, or preternatural. 15-year-old Noa Sullivan returns to Harlow Academy after the death of her 17-year-old sister, with devastated parents and a 3 year old sisiter to seek comfort with.
3030 The book had me at Augusta. The title would have been perfect for any child whose parent or grandparent is a golfer - they will love reading it to them - except the subject matter is a bit heavy for any youngster under the age of 9 which takes takes the adult out of the equation. Set in the 1970's there is plenty of racism to go around.  'A month ago, 11 year old Ben Putters dad died, and (crazy idea or not) Bens certain the lump in his throat is actually a golf ball. The lump won't go away and it turns out Dads not quite gone either. Still warm in his urn, Bens father suddenly speaks up to ask why hes in Hilltop, Alabama instead of sprinkled on Augusta National (the home of the Masters golf tournament), as he wanted. Partnering with a runaway named Noni, Ben sets off for Georgia. When they finally arrive, the Masters tournament is in full swing. Between Dad nagging to be put to rest, Noni keeping suspiciously tight-lipped about her past, security patrolling at all hours, and the lump in his throat staying put, creeping onto Augusta may not be as easy as Ben originally thought. Letting go of a Dad whos finally listening is going to be even harder.
3031 Heading in to senior year of high school Austin (described as a lazy stoner) finds out his deadbeat dad who deserted him at birth when he (Shane) was 20 years is now a has been rock star with 2 hit records. Austin's mom loves her son to pieces and her lawyer boyfriend is crazy for her. Austin thinks the best way to spend his time is to make them miserable. The miserable read (for the adult) was worth it for the last 30 pages (Rick is a keeper!). Teenagers will love it.
3032 I was floundering in grasping the story for the first 100 pages and by the time things started to gel I had lost interest. Stretching from 1913 Ellis Island to the 1950s and beginning with the Russian emigre arrival to the USA and landing a job in Bridgeport Connecticut at the Remington gun manufacturing company. It is a epic and glorious love story that is neither glorious or epic.
3033 or anyone to is intrigued by the dynamics of human interaction. A perfect read for any film buff or anyone who the history of the movie industry from 1950's to 2011. Sue Mengers (1932-2011) deal making, drinking, smoking, drugs and Hollywood superstars. I loved that Ms. Mengers told it like it was while being as smart as anyone in the game. The author is brilliant in capturing Mengers, her beloved friend and client Barbra Streisand and the era where they both were on top of there game.
3034 ** 2014 ** 3 years later and still going strong - hasn't given us a bit of trouble - flawless  My Dad has this beauty in his livingroom. Watched the golf on it and it was amazing.  Only surprise was for the price I would think he would get a 2 year warranty instead of the standard 12 month.  Here's all the technical stuff from the SHARP product page that may be helpful: *70" Class (69-1/2" diagonal) (62% more screen area than a 55" Class) Dimensions (wxhxd) (inches): 63-19/32 x 38-7/16 x 3-1/2 Dimensions with Stand (wxhxd) (inches): 63-19/32 x 39-47/64 x 13-1/8 *Full HD Pixel Resolution: 1920 x 1080 *120Hz refresh rate *Edge lit LED TV Backlight System: LED *Vyper Drive *Built-in Wi-Fi *SmartCentral user interface with access to Netflix, CinemaNow, YouTube, Vudu HD Movies, Vudu Apps, Facebook, Twitter and AQUOS AdvantageSM LIVE Product Weight (lbs.): 79.4 Weight with Stand (lbs.): 86 Panel Native Refresh Rate: 120 Hz 10-bit LCD Panel: Yes Viewing Angles: 176 H / 176 V Audio System: 10W + 10W Tuning System: ATSC / QAM / NTSC Dynamic Contrast Ratio: 4,000,000:1 Aspect Ratio: 16:9 AQUOS Series: Yes Smart TV: Yes Surround Sound: Yes AQUOS Advantage' Support: Yes Digital Still Picture Display: Yes Game-Optimized: Yes USB Input: 2 HDMI: 4 HD Component: 1 Composite Video: 2 Audio Inputs (L/R): 2 RS-232C: 1 PC: 1 Ethernet Input: 1 Power Consumption AC (watts): 228W Power Source: 120V
3035 40% Polyester, 35% Acrylic, 11% Nylon, 10% Merino Wool, 3% Other Fibers, 1% Spandex. Very comfortable. WARM. Perfect for this damp cold winter weather. I would say perfect for anywhere under 40 degrees Fahrenheit. Fast dry, quick wicking. Arch support and contoured fit keeps the sock in place to reduce slipping and bunching. Soft, cushioned sole makes for extra shock absorbtion. Made in US Machine Wash
3036 The most substantial oven mitts I have ever owned in 50 years. You will never singe, let alone burn, your hands or wrists with these beauties. I am impressed. Heat resistant Silverstone lining on the inside and still VERY flexible. fyi - Wash with Cold Water in Gentle Cycle & Tumble Dry Low. Do not bleach them or run them through a hot dryer.
3037 I found it to be a nail biter of an adventure with lots of twists and turns and period detail that I enjoy in historical fiction. 26 years after being kidnapped from their American parents when they were toddlers William and John have been raised to be master criminals. The thriller comes in to play when the young men go rogue and escape their kidnapper/father figure. I ending was ok but I felt didn't live up to the first 300 pages, I am still glad I ordered this title, I don't think I have read a historical novel set in Asia since last reading James Clavell 22 years ago: 1962 -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/King-Rat/dp/B000NQ9EVM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">King Rat</a> 1966 -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tai-pan/dp/B0000CN6FS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tai-pan</a> 1975 -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shogun-Vol-2/dp/B000OR7CTG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shogun, Vol. 2</a> 1981 -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Noble-House-Vol-1-Asian-House-Series-Vol-One/dp/B002CG77JC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Noble House, Vol. # 1 (Asian House Series, Vol. One)</a> 1993 -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gai-Jin-SIGNED-Limited-Edition/dp/B00FVSLOPQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gai-Jin - SIGNED Limited Edition</a>  I enjoyed reading an online author interview "Historical friction: James Thayer on 'House of 8 Orchids' (Q&A)" after finishing the novel.
3038 Fabulous wonderfully well written novel!  Hysterically funny.  Could not stop laughing at anything and everything involving The Pipster!  The entire cast of characters is wonderfully imperfect and yet perfectly wonderful.  Savour this book, read every sentence and every word.  Chris the 34 year old US Mail carrier and her best friend Luce the stained glass artist. Their friends Amadeus the restaurant owner, Midge the successful pastry chef, and B. the realtor who defines the type 'A' person. And best of all The Pipster. So much good will and fun it makes you want to visit Albuquerque New Mexico on vacation.  This is a not to be missed laugh out loud book.  This is a KEEPER!  Don't miss the author's other books -  Old Ties A Question of Love? Sweet Fire Wish List
3039 30 year old Beecher White is a archivist with the U.S. government. Clementine, Beech's childhood crush, comes to the archive for help. After her mother died, Clem found a document with her father's name on it, turns out the father she never knew was Nico Hadriam! Nico, the would be Presidential assassin from "The Book of Fate", who was committed to a psychiatric hospital ten years earlier.  Beech tries to impress her by showing her the vault where the US President reviews classified documents, they knock the Presidential chair over, a book falls out from a compartment in the bottom, pages have been torn out.  It's a dictionary that belonged to George Washington!  Soon, the guard who let them in turns up dead. Beecher, is on the run.  Clemmi visits her father, Nico knows about the book! The book was used by presidents since Washington to communicate with 'The Culper Ring', a spy organization that would provide truthie information and advice only to the President. And, there is another inner circle protecting the current President from blackmail!  With the plot overly convoluted, unnecessary side stories, flashback on flashback, buildup at every chapter (121 of them) and not knowing who to trust I finally, in exhaustion, stopped caring.
3040 Athens, Beijing, and London Olympics. A 12 year Odyssey of competition and friendship culminating in one series of races  The premise was so exiciting I couldn't wait to read it. Add in the promise of a asknowledge mast at his craft writer.  However the story was more a let down than anything.  Zoe comes off as a ultra-competitive Vampire  Kate reads like a doormat of wife and friend  Sophie is a saintly seven year old with a potential terminal illness and more bravery than Braveheart  Jack a man who is more a prop than a husband  And a 5 star reading ends up as an ok read
3041 The biography is not a literary criticism, can easily be read and enjoyed by anyone, you need never have picked up an Updike book or read his verse or his magazine articles. The biographer paints a complete picture, puts Updike on a pedestal and takes him down more than once. But in the end I came away thinking he was a gentleman for all his brilliance and one who have made an excellent neighbor.  The cover picture is perfect.  Having read John Updike's novels for decades and his offerings in the The New Yorker even longer I gobbled up this first biography with an intense pleasure, accompanied by grief that we no longer can look forward to his next gift to his readers. The biographer does a terrific job. Not only is the biographer's 5 years research put to ample use, he also skillfully tells his story so much so that I consumed it in one weekend as soon as it arrived.
3042 The premise gets even better by throwing in so much background with the Ottoman Empire, the writing and feel of place made for a most satisfying read.  Andrea Palladio, tasked by the Doge of Venice to build a cathedral as an offering to God to save the city before the plague claims all in it.  Annibale Cason, the city's finest plague doctor, is tasked with keeping Andrea alive to finish his commission.  Feyra, 21 years old, a doctor (and concubine) in the Sultan of Constantinople's harem escapes to Venice in the ship that carried the plague there. The sultan's mother had revealed to Feyra (just before she died), that Feyra is her daughter, Fayra is the granddaughter of the Venetian Doge, Feyra's mother had been kidnapped by the previous sultan from her husband (Feyra's father) a ship's captain.  Fayra's father is the captain of the ship that brings the plague to Venice. While sailing to Venice Feyra survives the plague giving her immunity to further infection. Once n Venice she seeks audience with the Doge and though thwarted and almost killed it leads to her encounter with Palladio and Annibale.  Annibale and Feyra share their knowledge and skills to halt the plague from wiping out a city.
3043 and I liked it too (think 50 going on 26 year old). Gorgeous cover totally caught my eye. Gorgeous cover totally caught my eye. Lexie Clarion is an old soul. She grows up in rural Oregon and heads 3 hours away to a small university town (Go Beavers!) Her first night at college involves `the Pack' a clique of radical feminist werewolf hunters (hmmm, makes my first night away at college, back in 1979, seem at bit drab - lol!). Lexie is attracted to woman who the Pack may be hunting aka a werewolf (makes my first crush a bit tame). Dealing with cliques and making new friends is edgy enough, but throw in that werewolves are an accepted, although feared, part of life (think landsharks) and our Lexie is dancing as fast as she can. The sex is hot and not for the timid. Epic battles occur, death and destruction.  A fascinating exploration of moving away from home at age 18, being a, sort of, daddy's girl (what did exactly happen to Lexie's mom?). An excellent book club choice the author was named a 2011 Lambda Literary Foundation Emerging LGBT Writers Fellow. Lunatic Fringe is her first novel, and while the ending, however exciting & fascinating the lead up, didn't do it for me I am looking forward to reading more by this author.
3044 Young Adult murder mystery set in Kenya. I raced though reading, I just had to know how 16 year old Tina aka Tiny was going to survive and thrive and uncover her mother's murder. Set over a 5 year period. Our teen also buried himself in the book until the last page. Good or ages 14 to 16.
3045 Manchester, England - can this marriage be saved? Morgan Masters is an artist and teacher who loses the memory of the last 20 years of her life, the result of a viscous physical assault.. She awakes in hospital thinking she is 19. Before this, and for reasons only Morgan accepted, she leaves her wife, Erin, and children for their own safety. The family is devastated because Morgan left without explanation.  Erin is a warm intelligent woman and as you would imagine terribly hurt by Morgan's leaving and feels abandoned. The only thing keeping her together is their children need comforting. Luckily she has an awesome brother who loves her and adores the kids. The author certainly has talent. The premise of Morgan initially doing what she did turned me off, however the love story with the two women regaining what they once had was lovely. I liked that 'the end' wasn't predictable, I didn't like that it was passion-lite. Want more? Search "Lizzie's Bedtime Stories Valentine's Special: Storyteller Andrea Bram" for a video interview with the author.
3046 I was unable to put this book down until the last uplifting page. This may sound far fetched but there is something Zhivago about the story, the people (most memorably Grigory) and the political turmoil.  A BILDUNGSROMAN of Yevgeni the nine year old piano prodigy and his beloved aunt Maria, his mother's sister. Gorgeous, vivid imagery. Told with empathy, insight and clarity we are given the story the depths of despair framed by the nuclear disaster of Chernobyl. Totally Impressed that an Irish young man born in 1979, a theatre director now living in New York author could create an epic novel of modern Russia spanning 1986 to 2011.  The suppression of the truth, and those who would tell it - no longer sending them to literal Siberia but crushing them, silencing them. Really well done.
3047 Surprise Hit!  Terrific Story - Immensely entertaining.  This is a page turner you won't, can't, put down.  I highly recommend this thriller! I would love to see this made into a movie. Fabulous locales.  Totally engaging characters - Believable thrill a minute novel. Tremendously entertaining.  Do not miss!  This is a Keeper!
3048 I need more Rebekah and New York City - stat! What a unique story. Compelling story telling and dialogue. The cover is what got my interest, the plot is what made me order the book and the writing is what makes me want the next in the series. Rebekah is fresh out of college and looking for a job on a NYC newspaper, what she gets is a job as a stringer on a tabloid - but it's a start. Rebekah never knew her mother, she had abandoned Rebekah and her father after the birth to return to her Hasidic community in Brooklyn New York.
3049 Before it was The Big Apple, when the streets of NYC were gritty, even in Time Square and SoHo.  Private eye Alex Novalis is a 29 year old with an attitude and the story is told by him.  Gabriel Kravitz is a powerful construction mogul. His 18 year old daughter, Lydia, is MIA.  She is a college freshman in Vermont.  Jerry Pedrosian, is the radical artist, a womanizer & 43 year old she's been shacked up with.  Andrea Marshall, is Lydia's 18 year old BFF.  PI Novalis doesn't trust Andrea, but he wouldn't mind bedding her.  Basically the dregs of NY at it's scummiest.  The author lived in NYC during the time period of the novel so he knows the setting well.  Terrific ending - will look for this author's next novel
3050 Ignore the ratings and read the content - this is an terrific book on many levels and should not be missed. I was revited to the story and the writing from start to finish. It took me a decade to get around to reading it but am so very glad I did.
3051 Who doesn't like a treasure hunt? To quote the author, it's a standalone book about "a brave girl, a quiet boy, a singing ghost, buried treasure & hot chocolate." In the mountains of Tennessee Emma Pearl Casey and her brother, Topher, live with their grandmother, Granny Blue. Financially they are on the brink of needing to sell their family business, The Boneyard Cafe, so called because of the nearby cemetery (I'm thinking a more appetizing name change may be a big help - lol). They also live in an apartment at the cafe so this is pretty traumatic on top of dealing with the death of their mom. Heck there are even school bullies to deal with who torment Emma about her cleft palate surgery scar. Luckily Emma's posse include Cody Belle and Earl plus a little bit magic that make life bearable.  I liked it that Granny Blue is not a marginalized character and has friends of her own, the self titled Pancake Club - lol.  I loved the cover by Gilbert Ford.  I always find it a bummer when children's books are about a child with one or two dead parents. I guess it is a good thing because it may help kids going through a loss like that.
3052 #2 in the author's four book Undercover series. Alice has escaped being kidnapped by human traffickers. Naturally she only let's her guard down with her neighbor, police detective Reese Bareden. While attempting to save a girl from the same fate she escaped, Alice uncovers a drug cartel. The next thing I would be doing is moving out of town that place is full of hard core crime!! Still a good sexy passionate read with realistic language, so if a few curse words scattered throughout are something that throws you out of a story you should give this a pass.  LOVE UNDERCOVER SERIES: > RUN THE RISK (September, 2012) Detective Logan Riske & Pepper Yates' story. Logan Riske is a detective going undercover to find a witness to murder. > BARE IT ALL (April, 2013) Reese Bareden is Logan Riske's friend and also a detective, who hooks up with a familiar female character from the previous series to fight against injustice. Detective Reese Bareden is drawn to Alice, a familiar female character from the Men Of Honor series. Alice appeared as a secondary character in Trace of Fever. Trace visits Alice in Bare it All. > GETTING ROWDY (September, 2013) Rowdy Yates is brother to Pepper Yates from Book #1 RUN THE RISK. He's still walking a fine line between breaking the law, and enforcing it, until he meets the right woman. > DASH OF PERIL (March, 2014) Lieutenant Peterson & Dash Riske's story. Dash Riske is a brother to Detective Logan Riske from Book #1 RUN THE RISK , and friend to Detective Reese Bareden from book#2 BARE IT ALL while Lt. Margaret Peterson is superior to Logan and Reese.
3053 I really enjoyed the two main characters.  They have such integrity.  They don't play games with each other.  They have interesting lives and are confident in themselves.  Don't miss this book.  I read a portion of the story on the internet and liked it so much I wanted to read the complete tale in print. An excellent book to bring to the beach or on a plane or on your couch or ...  Look for the newest edition published by Bold Strokes Books October 2004.  This is a Keeper !  Don't miss any of the books in this series -  Safe Harbor  Beyond the Breakwater  Distant Shores, Silent Thunder  Storms of Change - available October 2006
3054 Oh how I wish America still made things and employed people *sigh*  The Machine Washable 100-Percent-Cotton Duvet Cover measures 90 by 92 inches and is more on the full rather than queen size so if you want to drape the cover closer to the floor you may want to go King size.  I never knew what seersucker was so I was excited to open the package. It's a stripe with a rippled texture, who knew?  The top side has seersucker stripes of material while the bottom side is smooth against you or the sheet.  I like the white color because I can use a light bleach to get any stain out and it won't fade over time.  My one comment is that I was expecting the feel to be softer ie more luxurious feeling against my skin.  It was a nice treat and I will enjoy this even more all summer long, it really brightens up my room.
3055 #3 in the series (aka You're Nicked MS Wiz), originally published in 1989. Published first in England by a British author the story includes British-English spelling. In this title, Lizzie's cat Waif has disappeared, he may have been stolen by evil Mrs D'Arcy's gang of catnappers! Ms. Wiz proposes to turn Lizzie into a cat and go undercover, nothing could go wrong, right?  While Ms. Wiz also has a cat, she is not a witch - she is a Paranormal Operative LOL!  The illustrations are memorable and perfectly in tune with the story and writing.  They are addictive - this is the list from the author's website: 1. Ms Wiz Spells Trouble 2. In Stitches with Ms Wiz 3. You're Nicked, Ms Wiz 4. In Control, Ms Wiz? 5. Ms Wiz Goes Live 6. Ms Wiz Banned! 7. Time Flies for Ms Wiz 8. Power-Crazy Ms Wiz 9. Ms Wiz Loves Dracula 10. You're Kidding, Ms Wiz 11. Ms Wiz, Supermodel 12. Ms Wiz Smells a Rat 13. Ms Wiz and the Sister of Doom 14. Ms Wiz Goes to Hollywood 15. Ms Wiz - Millionaire 16. The Secret Life of Ms Wiz 17. Ms Wiz and the Dog from Outer Space 18. Ms Wiz Rocks
3056 Appropriate for ages 15 to 17+. Teach me get a book by its cover & short summary "A rich portrait of post-Victorian England, seamlessly blends thrilling romance with riveting history and adventure". I missed the part about the 16 year old heroine and "a drkon, a rare, enchanted being with astonishing magical abilities."  Still it was a quick read and as a lover of romance, England and history was enjoyable. I thought the end was rather odd. The 3 main characters journeys end in very different places then I came to expect while reading. So I picked up the 2nd novel in the soon to be 3 book series to find out what happens next. What kept me from rating it higher was the actions of Jesse and Armand was so frustrating and long in resolving, and the back story so frustratingly brief.  The Sweetest Dark(2013: The Deepest Night(2013)  Drakon Series (For centuries theyve lived in secret among northern Englands green and misted hills. Creatures of extraordinary beauty, power, and sensuality, they possess the ability to shape-shift from human to dragon and back again. The Smoke Thief (2005) The Dream Thief (2006) Queen of Dragons (2007) The Treasure Keeper (2009) The Time Weaver (2010)  Romance: A Rose in Winter (1998) - medieval The Promise of Rain (1998)  - medieval The Truelove Bride (1999) - Historical Paranormal Intimate Enemies(2000)  - medieval A Kiss at Midnight (2000)  - medieval The Secret Swan(2001)  - medieval The Last Mermaid(2004) - 3 tied together mermaid stories set in 531 a.d, 1721 & 2004.
3057 Not a romance in the traditional sense - it is Jaime's romance with Life  17-year-old, Jamie Gwynmorgan (LOVE THE NAME) has nothing and no one in her life, self-preservation leads her to the US Marine Corps. She survives and excels in a brutish Boot Camp experience. Jamie is posted to Advanced technical training and sent to the Philippines to stop a government overthrow. She acts as a spotter for a Client Eastwood type whose experience keeps them both alive. He is wounded and rookie Jamie is his replacement.  Jaime is smart and she has many skills.  Battle presents her opportunities to fail or triumph, they lead to promotions until Jamie reaches a point where she is feeling more than overwhelmed. She has to mentally fight to survive.  This is a war novel like `The Sands of Iwo Jima' or `Battle Cry',  Jamie's indomitable spirit is inspiring. The suffering in war is fully portrayed in all its savagery. You will be turning the page as fast as you can.  The end result is Jamie growing into a mature adult through experience in War and passion, learning to harden her body and her heart to protect herself from an uncaring world. And the book just doesn't let up - it is all full throttle.  This October it will be 2 years since her debut and I need more Hagen!
3058 It looks elegant on my foyer table. Light weight, thin cotton. Really adds class and style to my little home. I have bookmarked it, to send to friends who are new homeowners - a terrific gift. It arrived 2 days after I ordered it, and I don't have Prime.
3059 We got it, and he played with it all night. It's a little hard to set up.  I kept thinking there is no way this is actually going to work.  It took a few tries to make it run correctly but when we did, it's very cool!  He's played with nothing else for the last two days. The 6 year old first grader and his buddies were a bit frustrated at mastering the technique to get the cars through the loop without falling. Then we watched the video and all systems were good. Playing as teams added playing time. They even had 'fun' putting the setup together (including stickers - woot!). Track isn't very substantial. I wonder why it only comes with one "rip-car" race car?  My advice would be to buy 3 more cars with the set or invite the tiny tots to bring their own rip-car (if they have them).
3060 1965 Los Angeles and 12 year old African American Sophie moves with her family to a all white neighborhood. Right there you know disaster is imminent. Tack on that Sophie's parents marriage is crumbling and her sister is leaving for College, the Watts riots, racism, internalized racism and I gotta wonder what 12 year old in 2017 is going to understand all the dynamics? But this middle school novel was given starred reviews by both Kirkus and Publisher's Weekly. Did my 12 year old grasp all the issues? Yes but the issues are so huge I wonder if their being in a middle school book lessens their import.
3061 I wish I had thought to do a video review of him while reading it. His mom had to take it out of his hands as the bus showed up to take him to school.  Winner!
3062 ... from authors who know what readers want in a short story  19 stories & terrific writing from big name authors including -  Karin Kallmaker  Isabel Miller  Jackie Calhoun  Jennifer Fulton  Lauren Wright Douglas  Penny Hayes  Lee Lynch  Vicki P. McConnell  Elizabeth Nonas  Robbi Sommers  Dorothy Tell  Shirley Verel  Amanda Kyle Williams  Jeane Harris  The last pages of the book include a short bio on the authors  From the publisher's website -Stories you will savor, stories of love and desire, romance and passion, from the Naiad Press authors you have delighted in over the years...  ...Such as the incomparable Isabel Miller. Enjoy her intricate tale of women who journey beyond fantasy and illusion to the essential nature of butch and femme...  Meet Wilma, in Penny Hayes' story of an older woman whose vengeance on her husband takes an astonishing turn in the bed of a lesbian... And Shelley, in Jackie Calhoun's tale of the initiation of a married woman... And Lee Lynch's "City Slicker," who is given a chance to revise her past - and to change her future ...  Nikki Baker offers two women on opposing sides of a teacher's strike, who find a way to negotiate their differences... Jeane Harris brings you a very special practitioner of a very special massage... Amanda Kyle Williams spins the story of Niki and her dangerous photographs of stunning women... Karin Kallmaker describes the exchange of power between a cop and a therapist...
3063 Two arch rival families duking it out for the chocolate dollar in the Napa valley of California to the hills of Italy. What happens when the woman from one family and the man from the other family are attracted to each other? Well let's just say it ends better than it did for Romeo and Juliet, but then those two were teenagers. A bit unbelievable, even for a romance. The author has a tight handle on pacing and compelling prose. The scene with Juliet and her parents at the beginning was breathtaking. The scene before the competition with the families descending upon the hotel was priceless. The chemistry of Leo and Juliet was adorable.
3064 with Lauren Becall, Betty Grable & Marilyn Monroe.  Great premise, delightful story one that is right up my ally -  but lacked the buildup and character development to make it oh so beleivable, wonderful and memorable.
3065 OMGoodness - I haven't had Stella D'oro cookies in over a decade - I totally forgot how good they are! Just sent some to my sisters as a treat and a blast from the past. The next best thing to bakery cookies.
3066 We are using this as part of a healthy lifestyle for our female 13 pound miniature Fox Terrier. We no longer give her treats becuase of her weight. we can't exercise her has much as in the past because of her arthritis and joint pain. So our mission is to take her for 2 slow walks a day, only give her wet food in the morning and evening, then use her kibble as treats. We added the K9 once a day before dinner and she gobbles it up. I'll report back in if we see a slim down or any negatives but for now we are a happy family.
3067 I am of two minds. This is either an Epic novel along the lines of Michener deserving of over 600 pages and because it is only 256 pages has left me with an incomplete and raw feeling, or it is unbearably bleak indictment on America, and we as humans, and thus the reason the chapters are so spare is to leave the reader feeling raw and gutted.  15 year old Hattie flees the racist state of Georgia for the chance of a better life. Nothing turns out as she has hoped and her despair resounds on the equally despairing lives of her children. Very sad and enforces my thoughts that we need to do better as a nation and as humans.  Keeper
3068 Broght to you by Abingdon Press, the book publishing arm of the United Methodist Publishing House which publishes sheet music, ministerial resources, Bible-study aids, and other items, often with a focus on Methodism and Methodists.  This family isn't the smartest folks in Missouri. Mom and Dad raise 5 children, their dream to retire from their day jobs and open a B&B in their own home - then they are surprised at the amount of work involved - didn't they research?  Daughter Landyn is a newlywed whose husband quits his job to be an artist - without discussing with her first - time for an annulment becuase anyone who did that is such a supreme egotist that the marriage is headed for misery. But no, she packs up a u-haul and moves home.  Lastly - none of the finances made any sense where is all the money coming from? Where is all the money going? How is there an issue with taxes when you are a starving artist.  this is a huge fan favorite so it might be yours also.
3069 The scale is Bluetooth 4.0 supported, and requires iOS 7.0/Android 4.3 or later. It may be compatible with iPhone4s or later, Samsung Galaxy S3, HTC One, Huawei Honor 6, etc. This App is not optimized for tablet.  Download "Kitchen IQ app" to your device.  Make sure Bluetooth is on:   a. Go to the Settings > Bluetooth to turn it on.   b. Tap on the platform of scale to turn it on while using and for data transfer.  Now you are set to Weigh and check nutrients and calorie of the food   a. Choose the food by searching the database   b. Put that food on the scale, main nutrient and calorie showed on the dashboard.   c. Click to save the current record of nutrients and calorie to yourdiary. Track your nutrients and calorie intake versus your goal   a. Every measurement and record will be shown here, the diary, for monitoring and review. You may also add the food weight manually when the   connected devices are not available. This will allow you to not miss any entries, which is important part of your daily record.   b. At the end of diary, compare your nutrients intake versus the goal you set and make notes of any comments and reminders. Track those nutrients and calorie intake as a line chart. Swipe the chart left and right to switch those main nutrients line chart for reference. Options:   a. Add more users or more devices   b. Set your calorie and nutrients goal according to your preference.  I ordered it because I want to count calories - I love it because it is so low profile in our rather small kitchen.
3070 Ages 13 to 18. They had me until Poppy's beloved cat, Minx, was killed (page 136). Great story wonderfully enthralling  - believe all the rave reviews for once they are spot on.
3071 A bit too young for my 12 year old (he finished it but thought it a bit immature for him although he did get a kick out of Skip from Verminator Pest Control), but will give to my 9 year old next year.  In book 1 Nick and Tesla's High-Voltage Danger Lab published 11/2013, we met 11 year old siblings with a "knack for science, electronics, and getting into trouble and we see them make everything from rocket launchers and burglar alarms to mobile tracking devices. When their parents mysteriously vanish, they're sent to live with their Uncle Newt, a brilliant inventor. But it's not long before Nick and Tesla are embarking on adventures of their own--and engineering all kinds of outrageous contraptions to save their skin."  In book 2 they are in Half Moon Bay, California with Uncle Newt while their parents are far away on business. Uncle Newt takes a job at a 2nd rate amusement park and Nick and Tesla have an all access pass and also uncover a devious plot. They work with 9-volt burglar alarms, electromagnets, mobile tracking devices to foil the crime and the story has instructions and blueprints for five projects.  Book 3, 11-year-old siblings Nick and Tesla Holt need to expose a spy searching for secrets in the home of their Uncle Newt, a scientist. As in the previous books all sorts of cool tools are used from fingerprint powder to spy cameras and most enjoyable for my kids, instructions are included.  the 4th book will be out in October 2014. Nick and Tesla's Super-Cyborg Gadget Glove: A Mystery with a Blinking, Beeping, Voice-Recording Gadget Glove You Can Build Yourself.
3072 The author is a regionally famous radio talk show host whose husband, after 10 turbulent years of marriage and with divorce finally on the horizon, is diagnosed as bi-polar. Weeks later he is a suicide, leaving their daughter shattered and their finances exposed revealing they are near destitute. WOW!
3073 If Steven King were writing children's books. The reader is riveted by the storytelling and the illustrations. The author does not talk down to the reader so any age can enjoy it. If your child has a good imagination and scares more easily then others you might want to hold off giving to them until they are in 6th grade. If your middle schooler or High School student has no interest in reading about a young kid, challenge them to read the first chapter - they will be hooked - I was.  Young Steven suffers from severe anxiety disorder, that doesn't mean he is weird or odd or not the dearest boy you will ever meet. It simply means he gets freaked out and upset more easily than others and has more worries then those around him. His parents love him and he is well adjusted until his baby brother is born with severe physical issues that send Steven into a tail spin leading to all sorts of frightening imaginings.  For a Preview you can go to the publisher's page, it gives you a 3 page sample of the illustrations and 3 pages of accompanying text.
3074 Lucy has been living her dream. All her plans have some to fruition. She is soon to be working in the White House for the President of the United States. I was a political science major in college and this sounds like my dream come true.  The Downer is Lucy's mentally challenged sister Alice is now dead. Lucy has not had a relationship with her sister for years and years. It's only after it is too late does Lucy learn all that she has lost. The story is that of Lucy's awakening.
3075 Japanese Yakuza Fiction set in San Francisco California.  Excellent story and intricate plot, action never stops and nail biting ending.  A thrill ride from Japan town in San Francisco to the street of Tokyo, Japan.  I don't know as I will buy this author again only because I came to feel the genre is not my cup of saki.
3076 Practically perfect in every way, like Mary herself and sadly, or funnily, not at all like 10 year old Billy.  Billy can't help getting into jams - his imagination is always taking off and landing him in trouble or causing chaos for strangers, family and friends alike.  Terrific story, writing, the only thing missing were color illustrations to go along with the story (Black and white illustrations for kids books always seem cheap to me).  My 8 year old and even 12 year old thought this was a funny book.
3077 Best for ages 17 to 19. The misery that is Mexico today is explored in the one family's journey. Drug cartels own the streets. Sex trafficking is rampant. Dozens of young women kidnapped and enslaved each year. The local police are controlled by the cartels and the sex traffickers. It appears impossible for people to work themselves into better lives. 19 year old high school graduate Sara works for a newspaper. Her 17 year old brother doesn't see a future for himself. Their father deserted them. Their mother struggles to keep food on the table and a roof over their head.  By the end of the read I can only see 2 options, the country needs a leader who can overcome decades of corruption either through politics or  revolution.
3078 There is so much plot in this book that keeps you wondering where the author is going to take you next!  Living in Dallas, Texas, thirty-four year old Parker Casey is top of her class in law school, and will have her pick of any firm when she graduates.  She is working her way through graduate school by tending bar, liked by all who know her, but what you learn about the decade before she became a law student will impact all around her.  Morgan Bradley is not having the best week of her forty year old life. She is a high profile lawyer who could retire at any time after tremendous success in court and has a national reputation as a defense counsel who can win cases for high-profile clients. Her lover of ten years has just turned their lives upside down after they have moved to Dallas and the last thing she probably needs is a new relationship with anyone.  Beyond the intriguing mystery of who murdered Camille Burke, beyond the love story, is the background of what it takes to bring a case to trial. I was completely entertained by all the side stories and bits of information what added up to a wholly satisfying read. Lots of dry humor thrown in make the characters very human and fit the story.  Can't wait to read more from this author.
3079 I really got into this novel. The book is beautifully written. Having two sisters of my own I loved the family dynamic and the author got that relationship spot on. I loved how the story unfolded in bits and pieces, much like real life when meeting someone for the first time. Excellent story you won't let go of soon. SusanB was a great character!  Looking forward to reading the author's other books:  The Big Bang Symphony - Working Parts Heat Wave Lesbian Travels Sweat, Stories and a Novella
3080 `Domestic Noir' is a perfect description for the novel, as this is not the creepy or menacing story I imagined from the back of the book blurb.  Evie Ferrante is estranged from her alcoholic mother Sandra Ferrante. Her mother has been hospitalized, and Evie returns to find her mother's house looks like something from the reality TV show 'Hoarders'.  Evie reaches out to their neighbor, sharp as a tack 90 year old Mina Yetner. Turns out Mina has issues of her own with pushy nephew Brian trying to move to a senior care community.  Instead we have the portrayal of the aging of a neighborhood (suburban noir?) and its residents. Where you have drama between the laughter and the tears. Family secrets and mistakes.  As with anyone named Ephron you will find colorful characters, and Hallie Ephron's prose is picture perfect. Never having been anywhere in the Bronx except the zoo and the ballpark I was left with a vivid sense of place that will stay with me.
3081 Loved loved loved it. This is a talented author we will be reading for decades to come. The story unfolds so perfectly, so compellingly that you savor the last perfect page.  20 years ago Wes Carver was a correstions officer when a riot broke out where he has a hostage and Bobby Williams was responsible for 2 days of torture, leaving Wes crippled for life and keeping him from the one thing that gave him peace. Now, in the midst of dealing with the death of his wife, he must deal with the fact that Williams is up for parole.  Add to that, Wes has to resolve the estrangement with his step-son Dennis. Two years after the riot, Dennis was 16, and Wes left town with Claire, but without Dennis.
3082 Realistic and hard hitting.  It World War II, 1944, and Hazel's Dad is moved from New Jersey to Los Alamos New Newico to work on The Manhattan Project to produce an Atomic Bomb for the war effort.  It impacts Hazel as if she were on the front lines, her already unstable mom goes off the rails, Her workaholic Dad practically disappears into the military lab.  Hazel is outgoing enough to find a new friend in Eleanor. Hazel if perfectly written and this novel has alot to offer.
3083 Highly enjoyable and original collection, I was very happy this author was recommended reading in the book "Dreams of the Woman Who Loved Sex" by Tee Corinne.  Also look for the erotic book "Fragments from Lesbos" (1981) published under the names Elana Nachman / Elana Dykewomon which contains a poem described by Ms. Corinne "which settled into my memory with tenacity and exuberance".  This is a Keeper!
3084 Make sure you start this book over a weekend as you won't want to stop reading until the last page.  And it is a page turner.  I am usually a slow paced reader but I read the first 200 pages in under 2 hours.  I had to force myself to put it down so I could head to work. Very well written and interesting characters.
3085 Beautiful writing. I never got a sense of Eliza or Henry or their deep feelings for each other,  I never understood or felt the "enduring love". The novel opens in 1990 and takes place over one gorgeous summer and fall. Eliza Poinsett is living in London, England, her family is entrenched in Charleston society, she's a Princeton graduate with a terrific job, and is in a relationship with Jamie, an upper-class Englishman who loves her. Eliza is more reserved. Her first love, Henry Heyward, had a drunken fling with Issie. When Issie became pregnant, they married and divorced. Henry has raised their son, Lawton. Eliza then left her family and only now has returned for her step sister's debut to society.  What follows are social gatherings where Henry & Eliza mingle but I never got the intense attraction that I would expect from someone who was so in love and so hurt that she didn't return to her beloved home for 10 years.  The story will stay with you for a long time. The ending was a WOW and a perfect fit.  This is a debut novel with an author of huge potential, she's an expert on Tennessee Williams (having edited his notebooks),  so I will check out her next novel. You might be interested in an author interview with the local newspaper, The Post and Courier: "Charleston native Margaret Bradham Thornton writes novel about city".
3086 Bobby Jr. is the son of a firefighter killed on 9/11, in 7 days his extended family will gather to celebrate his 10th birthday. There are conflicts galore, Grandma Gail resents her husband Michael and the career choices he has made, their oldest son Peter became a Wall Street power broker whose career and family are crumbling (this was the only part of the book that didn't ring true for me), Middle son, Frank, is a non-functioning alcoholic, Golden Boy Bobby's wife, Tina, is finally ready to love again but will that put asunder her close relationship with her mother-in-law, Gail?  This debut novel explores in gritty, sentimental, vulgar, eloquent, harsh, honest prose the story of an American family.  Don't miss it.
3087 Epic story set in NYC  before the turn to the century from 1890 to the roaring twenties to World War 2 1940's. I loved it but I am a sucker for historical fiction with a touch of mystery an a dose of romance and where the characters are strong.
3088 What our teen liked:  the whole story, beginning with Alaska, and Eddie who screws up big time and flunks out of the first semester of college.  What I liked:Taylor (shes Yupik, Italian, and Swedish, the high school valedictorian, and when Eddie tries to hit on her, the result is hilarious) and Alaska, and nothing else. I  didn't care for Eddie, the drugs, and the story just rubbed me the wrong way..
3089 Compulsively readable once you get to the last 100 pages, before that it was touch and go for me if I wanted to continue. And just so you know, *possible spoiler* they all don't make it out of the cabin in the woods alive.
3090 Horror story for the young. Well the cover totally creeps me out (lol!). Dash, Dylan, Poppy, Marcus, and Azumi (names straight out of the 1960's *grin*). Larkspur House has lured them inside, now they're trapped. Only clues to the house's secrets scattered all over the grounds will get them out alive. The kids all have backstories that will creep you out:  Azumi has nightmares and relives the horror of losing her sister in a forest. Twins Dash and Dylan share a secret neither can face. Marcus has music always playing in his and no outlet to share it and no one who believes him. Poppy is an orphan whose BFF is dead and shows up in the mirror.  When he was done with the book our teenager went to the publisher's website and downloaded an app he has been playing with and a chat room where readers talk about the book.  Summary from the audible edition: Multiplatform takes on horror with a trilogy that brings Miss Peregrine to middle grade with an online Skeleton Creek twist! Come play with us.... Buildings have memories. Places bear scars. We've all had those moments - a chill in the air, a sense that something terrible once happened where we stand. But some houses are more than scary. They're hungry. Will the horrors of Larkspur House scare the five right out of their minds?
3091 First in the series, originally published in 1988.  Published first in England by a British author the story includes British-English spelling.  "Class Five's new teacher wears black nail varnish, she has a talking rat and she can turn parents into warthogs. When Ms Wiz is around, magic - and trouble - are never far away."  While Ms. Wiz also has a cat, she is not a witch - she is a  "Paranormal Operative" LOL!  The illustrations are memorable and perfectly in tune with the story and writing.  They are addictive - this is the list from the author's website: 1. Ms Wiz Spells Trouble 2. In Stitches with Ms Wiz 3. You're Nicked, Ms Wiz 4. In Control, Ms Wiz? 5. Ms Wiz Goes Live 6. Ms Wiz Banned! 7. Time Flies for Ms Wiz 8. Power-Crazy Ms Wiz 9. Ms Wiz Loves Dracula 10. You're Kidding, Ms Wiz 11. Ms Wiz, Supermodel 12. Ms Wiz Smells a Rat 13. Ms Wiz and the Sister of Doom 14. Ms Wiz Goes to Hollywood 15. Ms Wiz - Millionaire 16. The Secret Life of Ms Wiz 17. Ms Wiz and the Dog from Outer Space 18. Ms Wiz Rocks
3092 Memorable characters and a riveting plot keeps you turning the pages into the night and resulted in being a finalist for 6 awards: the Edgar for Best First Novel, the CWA Gold Dagger for Best Crime Novel of 2013, the ITV Thriller, the Macavity, the Barry, and the Anthony.  For fans of Lisa Gardner and Tess Gerritsen, and for those who remember FBI agent Clarice Starling, this is for you.  Living in the desert town of Tucson, Arizona with new husband Carlo, after being forced into retirement at age 59, (ex) FBI agent Brigid Quinn is no longer using her deadly skills to track down sexual predators.  That is until Floyd Lynch wants to make a deal and confess to the Cold Case disappearance and murder of Brigid's prot&eacute;g&eacute;e, Jessica.  The bad news is the FBI agent on the case, Laura Coleman, thinks the confession is fake.  I really loved it how fearless Brigid was with the killer - she totally rocked!  One thing I would have liked to see - less stomach turning carnage and gore.  fyi - Ridley Scott's production company has optioned Rage Against the Dying for a TV movie.
3093 Our 8th grader found it mostly unbelievable, our 5th grader and 3rd grader loved it.  For those kids who end up loving it, there are 6 titles in the series written by 6 different authors - it appears all have been written and will be published every 2 months.  Four girls and four boys, all 12 years old, coming from diverse backgrounds, skills and physical abilities (my non-straight A kids said the best characters were Dash Conroy and Carly Diamond), enter a contest to stop Earths growing energy crisis (the unique space travel is life threatening for those over 14).  4 of them will fly into space to bring back material that contains enough energy to keep Earth from going permanently dark.  It's a race against time that results in a scavenger hunt across the galaxy to gather 6 elements that when combined will power the earth in lieu of fossil fuels.  The first half of the book is the qualification phase - the second half is the first adventure.  The fun doesn't end on the last page, the books also contain coded clues that will enhance the experience with on-line content. There is a web page "VOYAGERHQ.COM" that has quizzes, videos and puzzles : "Hidden throughout the pages of the book you're holding are cryptic codes. Decipher them below and learn more about the Voyagers mission and help us save Earth. Youll want to use the code wheel below, the one in the book was a decoy"
3094 Unbeatable! The next best thing to going to your dental hygenist daily.  I have been using the same one for 10 years, never needed to buy a new one.  I switch the brush out every 3 months or so.  I can still remember the epic difference between my regular toothbrush and this. a small amount of toothpaste does a great job. do yourself a favor and get one today.
3095 Cardboard wrapped in polyester fabric and fold flat when not in use. perfect for children's rooms and college dorms although the price point is spendy.
3096 First published in 2011, the author is a giant in story telling English historical fiction.  Year 1036, Norway. 15 year old Solveig's father, Halfdan, is a Viking mercenary who plans to travel to Constantinople/Istanbul (known at the time as Miklagard, Byzantium) and become one of the Viking Guard serving the Greek Empress Zoe. When she wakes one summer morning and he is gone without her, she sails in her small boat after him. Traveling from Scandinavia, a mishap forces her to find passage with Swedish merchants trading passage with her skill of carving runes (pictures in bone). She learns to fight and how to survive betrayal. The adventure travels along the Baltic and shoots the rapids on the river routes of Russia to the Black Sea, encounters a ghost-ship, a charming thief and a Russian king. She sees religious battles between followers of her Norse Gods and Christians and by the last chapter has left childhood behind. The story gets gruesome when she witnesses the immolation of a young slave girl as a sacrifice.  Don't skip the Author's Note where he tells the genesis of the novel, pretty cool.  Look for Scramasax: The Viking Sagas, Book Two released in 2012. Solveig has made it all the way from Norway to the glittering city of Constantinople, where her father is a member of the guard of Empress Zoe. Soon Solveig finds herself caught up in the conflict between the Viking guard and the Islamic people of nearby Sicily. In this world of competing religious beliefs, brutal violence and ruthless mercenaries, Solveig must face some terrible truths about her father and her fellow Vikings, and decide what she considers worth fighting for.
3097 I couldn't agree with Entertainment Weekly more (which is where I first read about this book). What a little gem! Should be required reading in every school. I only wish I had a book club to share my enjoyment of this story. Thank you Kevin!
3098 Jory's parents have a lovely bomb shlter in the family garage - deep in the heart of Arco, Idaho - the red menace was still alive and well for the parents - I can only imagine what 9/11 will do for them. Dad is a Harvard-educated astronomer.  Mom is pretty much a no show with migraines taking her out of the family mix. 17 year old Grace is the apple of her parents eye until she returns from a religious mission to Mexico, pregnant.  oops!  Luckily for the family Grace is convinced that God is the father of her baby. Mom and Dad pack their two oldest children off to the town limits and wait for the 3 wise men to ride arrive. Jory's going to have to attend the public school, Schism High. She really has a hard time adjusting to not wearing the school uniform at Arco Christian Acedemy, with the attractive long skirts and blouses, and is compelled to wear bell bottoms and t-shirts to school. Mrs. Kleinfelter is the nice lady nearby who shepards the two sisters. Even the ice cream man, Grip, lends a hand and it looks like all might be ok - until Grace jumps ship and joins a local commune.  I was so ready for this book - I don't know if it was intended to be so humorous though.
3099 Boys and girls ages 5 to 9 will enjoy  Sarah and her family, Father (who works overseas and mails her letters), Mom (who is an illustrator and works from home) and 4 year old little brother live in an apartment in Chicago.  When her favorite Chinese restaurant, "Wong's", could close she is determined to be the hero and save the Chow Mein.  At 68 pages it's a nice length for the 7 year old and a 9 year old should breeze through it.  My 7 year old niece read it to her cousins (6 year old boy and 3 year old girl). All three enjoyed it enough that I picked up two more Simply Sarah books (Patches and Scratches & Eating Enchiladas).
3100 The rest just didn't grab me. Maybe I hated the idea of this poor dog roaming abandoned  in the woods for half the book. Maybe I was too gutted when Cooper's police dog, Argo, died in a terrorist explosion in the line of duty. Maybe that Natalie is a new widow turned me off to anything other than her grieving. Maybe the final indignity was the abandoned dog getting deliberating shot by the local hunter and town bully. Add to that Cooper's dad was the town drunk and his brother has just done a stretch in the pen. DOWNER. To much death, too much violence it killed all enjoyment for me. . Maybe because my beloved dog of 16 years died 5 weeks ago. I should have loved the story. I vacation where the story is set, Massachusetts, every year for the last 8 years, my whole family and inlaws are from New England. and yet I never got swept away in the stor
3101 My 50 year old Irish complexion drank this in. Just keep in mind that it is a liquid and not a cream. The directions say it is safe to use morning and night but I only used it in the morning after my shower. Paraben free I was concerned the 'serum' would be oily or sticky and it was neither.
3102 Enticing, reviting, detailed telling of the famous poet of the 20th Century America who lived from 1911 to 1979. A delectable biography for everyone who enjoys the genre.  Come to find out she was 3/4 Canadian and spent her very early childhood years in Nova Scotia Canada.  Not the usual style of biography that I am used to. There a short autobiographical sections interspersed with the biography. I am not sure that they added to the telling. Almost like reading a novel, with the author using snippets of Bishop's poetry and words to flesh out the facts, touching on the details, for example, we learn that her parents were from different social classes but never learn how they met. We learn that her mother was committed forever to a mental institution when Elizabeth was a very young child and never saw her again. What was the diagnosis? Had she shown signs of mental illness before her husband died? Did Elizabeth want to see her? Was she prevented from seeing her? This is just in the first couple pages - she lived an amazing life with more ups than downs. I don't think she had a dull moment in her life. The staff at the New Yorker magazine were enthralled with her work and awaited a new piece like a Belgian chocolate during a war.
3103 For 17 Bold Strokes Books novels this book has the answer - woot! All the short stories are between 10 pages to 18 pages long. The stories are real gems - some are hot, some have angst and some are sweet, all are passionate for the characters.  Lee Lynch * personal favorite (I married the author!) DAWN KNEW for BEGGAR OF LOVE Radclyffe BAD GIRLS AND SWEET KISSES for HOMESTEAD/WHEN DREAMS TREMBLE Nell Stark A ROYAL ENGAGEMENT for THE PRINCESS AFFAIR Lesley Davis THE GAME CHANGER for PLAYING PASSION'S GAME Ali Vali THE DEVIL YOU KNOW for THE DEVIL SERIES Carsen Taite BORN TO RIDE for THE BEST DEFENSE Gun Brooke FIERCELY YOURS for FIERCE OVERTURE Erin Dutton FAMILY FIRST for FULLY INVOLVED D. Jackson Leigh THE POND for LONG SHOT Karis Walsh CAROUSEL for SEA GLASS INN Martha Miller DILEMMA for THE RETIREMENT PLAN Rebekah Weatherspoon HER QUEEN'S HAPPINESS for BLACKER THAN BLUE Sheri Lewis Wohl WOLF NIGHT for BURGUNDY BETRAYAL Meghan O'Brien THE FANTASY EXCHANGE for THE NIGHT OFF Andrea Bramhall CAPTURED ON CANVAS for CLEAN SLATE Maggie Morton LOVE AND RAINBOWS for DREAMING OF HER Barbara Ann Wright THE LIGHT IN HER EYES for THE PYRAMID WALTZ
3104 I enjoyed this story tremendously and wish I could find other novels by this author.  The people came across the page as if I had met them that day.  I didn't know from one chapter to the next what would happen and was delighted by the end.  Don't miss this very dramatic and well written novel!  This from the back of the book - Arriving in a small town in Upper New York State with her husband and children, Anna Johnson is befriended by her neighbor, nursery owner Hope Alford.  When Anna is brutalized by her husband it is to Hope that she flees for shelter, tries to heal herself within Hope's protection.  The women leave on a camping trip, and during a storm-ravaged night, Anna discovers Hope's arms - and the storm in herself.  Fearful of the future but aided by her vision of the independent women around her, Anna begins to find the strength she needs to fight for her children - and, most of all, for herself.
3105 The two main characters are tremendously entertaining - this is one of the best books I have read - do not miss it.  You only wish the author would write a novel every year with these characters.  I could never tire of reading about their adventures. The humor is hilarious and you fall in love with the characters and all their quirks.  It's also very, very sexy.  There are a number of terrific surprises throughout the novel that keep you turning the page at a furious pace.  Do not let this out of your hands as you will not get it back to loan again.
3106 Set in the idyllic countryside of Morristown New Jersey.  The story follows confident carpenter Teresa Parker. Teresa cares for her beloved 6 year old nephew after the death of his parents.  Currently single Teresa meets her nephew's school teacher and each are deeply attracted to the wonderful qualities in the other.  Both women are twenty-something and have been hurt in love but are open to a relationship with the other.  This is a lovely and carefully paced romance.  If you like this story don't miss the fabulous novel by this author - Second Chances  From the publisher's website - Teresa Parker, a carpenter, and her nephew Brian are struggling to find happiness and peace in their lives after Teresa's brother and sister-in-law are killed in a tragic accident then shortly thereafter, Teresa's partner ends their 5-year relationship.  Teresa contracts to build a house for Brian's first grade teacher, Madeline Geddes, who has moved to New Jersey to reclaim her life after breaking up with her partner. Teresa falls hard for Madeline but feels betrayed and hurt when Madeline's ex-girlfriend arrives in town. Madeline must try to regain Teresa's trust. Can a child's simple understanding of love and friendship be what they need to bring them back together?  "One Promise" is a story of the heartache we suffer with life's painful twists and turns, the frailties of being human and the unparalleled joy that comes with letting love into our lives.
3107 The author's fourth novel, I found the first chapter a real turn off. We have Jake Myers selling fake diamonds to the toughest and most tight fisted movie producer in Hollywood. Unbelievable that the movie producer wouldn't have the diamonds checked. And making the diamond dealer Jewish was fine but making him crooked was kinda racist. The sex was so-so, after all Jake was sleeping with the producer's wife to make the sale and it wasn't all that great.  Color me disappointed I was really looking forward to the good sized novel. I finished it the same day and it didn't get better.  Your mileage may very so here is a list of the author's other titles"  Adored (2005) Showdown (2006) Do Not Disturb (2008)  Flawless (2009)  Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game (2009) Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness (2010) Scandalous (2010) Fame (2011) Temptation (2012) Sidney Sheldon's Angel of the Dark (2012) Sidney Sheldon's The Tides of Memory (2013)
3108 You will love the characters in this novel. They act the way adults act. If you are looking for a romance where the lovers are mature and believable you know you don't see it often but you will find them here. The action is exciting. The writing flows beautifully - you won't put this down once you start.  Also look for the newest edition from Bold Strokes Books published September 2005.  This is a Keeper !  Don't miss any of the books in this tremendous series -  A Matter of Trust Shield of Justice In Pursuit of Justice Justice in the Shadows Justice Served  from the publishers web site - Special Crimes Unit investigator Detective Sergeant Rebecca Frye is attempting to solve a series of sexual assaults and running into dead ends at every turn. Finally, she has a break in the case-a witness-one person who may help her bring a madman to justice. But, the witness is a victim herself and Rebecca must convince the injured woman's physician, Dr. Catherine Rawlings, to assist her-a task that will force both women to confront their own personal demons. Amidst professional conflicts and a growing mutual attraction, the two women become reluctant allies in the battle to stop the perpetrator before he strikes again.
3109 It's like the authors re-imagined the courtship and marriage of Prince William and his wife but changed her from an English heiress to American. If that doesn't bother you, you will find the book to be a hoot but not much more, kind of superficial. Maybe I just wasn't in the mood - it got rave reviews from a variety of sources - I'll try reading it again in a few years.
3110 Winner of the 1984 Pulitzer. 50 poems previously published in 20 different periodicals (The New Yorker, The Atlantic, Poetry Northwest et al) from 1978 to 1983 available in one edition. So readily accessible for any reader of the english language. The only thing missing for me would be a forward and an afterward from the author to complete it. As you can see from those I marked they are almost all favorites of mine.  August * Mushrooms The kitten * Lightning In the pinewoods crows and owl Moles The lost children The bobcat Fall song * Egrets * Clapp's pond * Tasting the wild grapes John Chapman First snow * Ghosts Cold poem A poem for the blue heron * Flying * Postcard from flamingo * Vultures An old whorehouse Rain in Ohio Web University Hospital Boston Skunk cabbage Spring * Morning at great pond * The snakes Blossom * Something May * White night The fish Honey at the table * Crossing the swamp Humpbacks A meeting Little sister pond * The roses * Blackberries * The sea * Happiness * Music Climbing the Chagrin River Tecumseh Bluefish The honey tree In blackwater woods * The plum trees The gardens *
3111 Anyone who worked from 2005 to 2013 in middle management or hourly will identify in small or large part with this novel. Never having read before (or even understanding what it meant until I looked it up in the dictonary a "sui generis epic swathed in all the magic of Russian folklore and set against the dystopian backdrop of an all too real alternate present" you might wonder how I came to order this book to read. Listening to NPR 'Great Glass Sea' Presents A Dark Vision Of Bright Nights' AUGUST 03, 2014, where NPR's Arun Rath interviews the author about the book "which imagines a dystopian Russia of 24-hour daylight and 24-hour labor under a greenhouse dome" created for and by corporate greed.
3112 Quirky story set in Minnesota using simple narratives of the main character's experiences for 12 months.  The story is told by Lucy Glass, a literature professor, and reveals her feelings surrounding the dying of her mother, Trudy (she of the Golden Jeep), dealing with the helplessness of her father, while in the process of becoming a first time (single) mother herself. Having lost my own dear mother to Cancer 11 years ago this resonated for me.  I really enjoyed the story telling and the emotions it shared.  It was also side splittingly amusing at times.  The strong emotional bond Lucy has with her mother was wonderfully depicted.
3113 I enjoy a little steam in my romance novels, and this book, from a new to me author, had enough for a sauna. Graphic details and naughty language at just the right point in the story.  Best part? Walker. He is a guy any gal would fall for and any parent would love to have for their daughter. Seriously.
3114 The only one who liked it in our household was the teenager and he ate this as a snack between meals. the flavour of the sauce just wasn't all that great. So no, I wouldn't get this for adults and it is a bit pricey as a snack for teens. I would advise Barilla to stick with the box pasta and the bottle sauce.  350 calories & 6 grams of fat  Ingredients: COOKED GEMELLI PASTA (WATER, GEMELLI (SEMOLINA (WHEAT), DURUM FLOUR), OLIVE OIL, SUNFLOWER OIL, SALT, NATURAL FLAVOR DICED TOMATOES (TOMATOES, CITRIC ACID), TOMATO PUREE (WATER, TOMATO PASTE), ONION PUREE, COOKED GROUND BEEF, COOKED GROUND PORK, CELERY PUREE, CARROT PUREE, SUGAR, OLIVE OIL, SUNFLOWER OIL, WHITE WINE, GARLIC, TAPIOCA STARCH, NATURAL BEEF FLAVOR (WATER, BEEF STOCK, NATURAL FLAVOR, SALT, AUTOLYZED YEAST EXTRACT, BEEF FAT, SUGAR, GRILL FLAVOR), GARLIC PUREE, SALT, BASIL, OREGANO, BLACK PEPPER.
3115 This first title kept my interest through the couple implausible aspects of the novel. In essence a Russian sub is spying on a Canadian shipyard. It becomes marooned 200 feet below sea level after entering US/Canadian water traveling through the Strait of San Juan de Fuca, undetected.  Yuri makes a desperate dive to the surface in an attempt to free the other survivors without exposing that they are there and needing to cover-up that that the sub was ever there, at the same time dealing with Russian operatives who will do anything to keep it all a secret. Then there is Yuri's hostage, software executive Laura Newman, whose crazed, abusive alcoholic husband is hunting her.  I love when I learn a little something along with the story. In this title we have Point Roberts which is attached to Canada but because it is south of the borderline is part of the state of Washington but only accessible on land by going through Canada.
3116 Best for ages 13 - 14. Fourteen year old Mercer has a real stick in the mud grump of a dad with a totally cool occupation, he is master falconer at his familys raptor rehabilitation center.  Mercer meets Lucy, her family belong to HALT, fanatical animal-rights activists, that look down at interaction between humans and animals. Mercer has a tough time keeping his own love of falconry and his beloved hawk 'Flip' a secret while trying to hook Lucy as his girl friend. Things turn violent and get real ugly when HALT commits a violent crime by breaking into the rehab center, causing property distruction and releases the birds.  A really well told tale.
3117 Fyi, Abingdon Press is an imprint of The United Methodist Publishing House, in operation since 1789. For more than 200 years, Abingdon Press has continued a tradition in religious publishing for crossing denominational boundaries with thought-provoking and enjoyable books. In the early 1920s, Abingdon began publishing a wide array of high-caliber academic, professional, inspirational, and life-affirming religious literature to enrich church communities across the globe. Now beginning its ninth decade, Abingdon Press has a commitment to providing the best, most effective religious publications available.  The upshot being that christians probably won't find anything to object to in reading this title.  The story was intriging set in 1964 and flash forwarded 50 years later. The only negative for me was more than I could handle the dialogue didn't work.  I would say try reading the sample and if you enjoy it then give it a try.
3118 Three 16 going on 17 best friends each tell their own stories. It delivered on what I bought it for, the inner thought of girls growing into women. I just don't remember sex being so pivotal when I was a junior in High School - I would be wary of my 16 year old reading this with out discussing the events in the book with a responsible adult. major plot points: sex, jealousy, drugs. Mainly redeemable for showing teens that everyone has insecurities.
3119 Young Adult Novel set in Southern California. 16 year old Solomon has a had panic disorders since he was a toddler. As a way to quell the panic triggers he is now agoraphobic and hasn't left home in 3 years - first of all, I can't even imagine dealing with this as a parent let alone being a teenager who has to deal with this. One of the things I could connect with is Solomon's love of Star Trek. 17 year old Lisa, and her boyfriend Clark (Kent?) come into his life as a social experiment concocted by Lisa to improve her chance getting into the college of her choice to get her degree in psychology. Adding in that Solomon is gay just muddles the story and really is not needed. Toxic Janis is a good example to readers to jettison those 'friends' who are a blight on your life.  Ideal for ages 13 and up
3120 9 five star ratings - I knew it would be terrific and it was  This is terrific story that is a complete page turner.  The plot was very believable.  I love historical romance and there is lot out there but very few that are as detailed and well written.  I time period came alive for me and I was lost in the story until the last page.  I loved both main characters. There is also wonderful humor laced throughout the story and makes this a book you will read again.  I couldn't put the book down until the end.  The pace of the story was excellent and kept me completely engaged. If you are in the mood to read a wonderful romance about two really great people with quite a bit of heartbreak this is the book for you.  This is a truly beautiful story with strong writing and strong main characters.  Don't miss it.
3121 The premise is riveting and the author delivers - I can't wait for his next title.  What's funny is I almost didn't choose to read the book because the title sounded boring and the cover wasn't all that.
3122 An excellent choice if biodegradable is not for you. Does not contain sodium bentonite.  We've been using this brand,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/2-PACK-WORLD-S-BEST-CAT-LITTER-391032-Clumping-Litter-Formula-28-Pound/dp/B0159HV23W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">2 PACK WORLD'S BEST CAT LITTER 391032 Clumping Litter Formula 28-Pound</a>, for the last 2 years and our Cat seems to find the 1% of dust in the product so we thought we could try something new. I selected Cat's Pride brand for their slogan "because a fresh home is a happy home" ~ I feel the same.  fyi - Cat's Pride clay litters are naturally occurring clay minerals known as "fuller's earth" and contain small amounts of crystalline silica in the form of quartz. Crystalline silica, in the form of quartz, is the second most abundant mineral in the earth's crust. This mineral is also found in beach sand as well, and PetMD reports that a large quantity of either clay or silica litter would need to be ingested to really be dangerous to your cat,
3123 It was just too unbelievable and the writing kept tripping me out of the story. It was OK but I probably will not read another by this author. I have read better fan fiction on the internet.  Nuclear weapons in a terrorist country. An ancient prophecy of the end of times. The two are connected with a beautiful condemned woman and a hapless Irish journalist (tracking his rogue IRA bomber uncle) the only ones who stand a chance of preventing the apocalypse.
3124 To everyone else this will be an unexpected treat. I was hesitant to believe all the positive reviews, the author is head of a publishing house with superstar literary talents, and he has been in the publishing world for over 40 years. I was thinking this might be time for everyone to give it lavish praise without opening past the title page. However, this is a delicious novel that doesn't read or feel like a roman  clef. Rather, it is a great read, told with the voice of a poet who is certainly a terrific storyteller. Of course, being an avid reader myself, this was a sure thing; but not really, it could have been quite the opposite. I loved it from the opening page to the last.
3125 Originally published under the name 'KROKODIL' in 2014. This version has been re-written and edited. "Five years ago, an unspeakable tragedy brought an early retirement to Jeremiah Hawk Tates career as a DEA agent. Without looking back he retreated from the desert sands of the southwest to the rugged wilderness of Montana, intent to live far from any connection to his previous life. His solitude is shattered when a client shows up at the door of his Yellowstone guide service asking him to help her track down her brother, lost somewhere in the Park. Against his better judgment Hawk accepts the job and is shocked to find the man they were seeking wasn't her brother, but someone linked to a life he thought he had left behind long ago. Narrowly escaping with his life, Hawk is forced back into a world he hasn't been a part of in five years. Calling on allies both old and new, he plunges forward on a case that will take him from California to Baja to Russiaand ultimately home again."
3126 I did too - very well written. Very entertaining. Most importantly - very true to life.  15 year old Ella is uprooted from High School in March of her 2nd year. Even worse she is dumped in a private school where everyone has a clique established since the year before. My heart broke for her. But Ella has pluck and joins a sports team as a way to meet and make friends. I am so glad that it ends up working for her, because it doesn't usually. It certainly helps that school hooks her up with a really terrific and popular Senior that opens a lot of doors for Ella.
3127 If you like short stories this is a collection you can read again and again. In 25 stories we meet people in a moment in time rendered so clearly and deeply that you only wish the author was around to interpret your own life for you. Weddings, divorces, funerals, job interviews and failures:  > the horrific - a 50 year old daughter telling her mother that her father (alive and still married to her mother) molested her when she was a child.  > The tragic: a father frozen in a grocery store remembering his soldier son killed in Afghanistan.  The kind of book you wish that you belonged to a book club to share your enjoyment.
3128 A novel from the 16th century that had me asking so many questions when done that I spent the next few months reading about the author Sir Thomas More was a Catholic in England, a lawyer, philosopher, and statesman to Henry VIII, beheaded by Henry because he did not support replacing the Pope with Henry as head of the church.  He wrote Utopia about an imaginary ideal island nation, it was published when he was 38. The world building is pretty terrific and detailed and very un-utopian (each household has two slaves), very normal (meals are taken in community dining halls), very odd (there is no privacy which compels the men to always be on their best behavior - lolol) and very outlandish (premarital sex is punished by a lifetime of enforced celibacy - sounds like hell to me).  I was stoked to read the essays by the fantastic Ursula K. Le Guin, who wrote her own Utopian novel, The Dispossed, in 1974. China Miville was a new to me author whose 2016 novel was said to be "beautiful, stunningly realized, mind-bendingly bizarre" by NPR reviewer.
3129 Are you not able to see the beauty in this world? This is for you! Do you not think God hears you? This is for you!  Do you feel God is not with you all the time? This is for you! Are you having difficulty finding God in all the good that surrounds us? This is for you!  Are you only seeing evil in the world?  This is for you! Do you feel incapable of following the way of the Lord? This is for you!  If you feel in need of Rescue - this is for you!  A Daily devotional with selected readings & introductions for each book in the Bible. Perfect gift for ages 13 and up.
3130 Compulsively readable. Set in the projects of the Bronx, New York City. 16 year old Aaron already has the troubles of Job. Add to that he has fallen in love with his BFF, Thomas. I would like to think that in the near future this wouldn't be an issue but in this book it still is. The surprise at the end left me reeling.  Need a little more ? A pre-publication excerpt is available on the MTV webpage "This YA Book Is Like 'Eternal Sunshine' For The Now Generation" Mar 12, 2015
3131 EASY setup - I think I spent all of 5 minutes to unbox, unwrap, plug in and go. VERY easy/user friendly controls and it nukes really quickly. Fits easily on the kitchen counter, underneath the cabinets with room to spare. I put salt & pepper shakers, a butter dish on top and I am sure more will follow. I am hoping this will last as long as my Kenmore which was going strong 16 years after I bought it, then I moved.
3132 Pediatric surgeon Nora de Jong comes home to find her mother's mutilated body, her 6 month old child missing and a dead stranger. She is made of sterner stuff, I think I would have had a meltdown.  The local police don't find any leads, Nora finds clues on her own that lead her to travel to her parents homeland of Holland. Her search is helped by a college boyfriend Nico, they met when she studied in Amsterdam.  A couple things took me out of the story. Grammer and punctuation errors.  Vivid depiction of the murder scene, that it was a grandmother and the mom of the protagonist was just off putting to me and felt gratuitous - I mean really, who likes this kind of stuff? Lastly the suspense of who and why was resolved in the first 20 percent of the book.
3133 Gabe is a firefighter in San Francisco. Pardon the pun but Gabe has been burnt by love before so when he  finds himself attracted to a mother and her seven year old daughter who he rescued in an apartment fire he wants to duck and cover.  Megan is a war widow, her navy pilot husband killed in combat five years ago so you can't help but understand that she also wants to duck and cover to keep from falling for a guy with the 13th deadliest job in the country.  The novel is nicely edited, none of the usual continuity errors you sometimes find. Gabe is a real gem. The writing is breathlessly compelling. I can't see you being disappointed. New to me author - Seems I have a lot of catching up to do: Book 1: The Look of Love (Chase & Chloe) Book 2: From This Moment On (Marcus & Nicola) Book 3: Can't Help Falling In Love (Gabe & Megan) Book 4: I Only Have Eyes For You (Sophie & Jake) Book 5: If You Were Mine (Zach & Heather) Book 6: Let Me Be The One (Ryan & Vicki) Book 7: Come A Little Bit Closer (Smith & Valentina) Book 8: Always On My Mind (Lori & Grayson) Book 8.5: One Perfect Night  *The Seattle Sullivans (Mia & Rafe) Book 9: The Way You Look Tonight *The Seattle Sullivans  (Brooke & Rafe) Book 10: Kissing Under The Mistletoe *A Sullivan Christmas (Mary & Jack) Book 11: It Must Be Your Love *The Seattle Sullivans (Mia & Ford) Book 12: Just To Be With You  *The Seattle Sullivans ~ coming March 5, 2014
3134 A story that can never be told enough, until it is a subject that no longer exists. The story of a not so perfect teenager, living in a town that has lost it's moral compass, in a High School that is more about number crunching than it is education of the next generation. Romy is raped, by the son of the Sheriff because he knows he can get away with it - half the school looks the other way and the other half get away with tormenting her - you have to read it to believe it. It's situations like this that make home schooling the right alternative. My heart was broken for Romy and I would not hesitate to give this to any teen who is suffering through High School.  I recommend reading the opening chapter before giving this to your child, to make sure they are mature enough.  Bonus - at the author's website there is this offer "Order All The Rage before April 14th, 2015 and get one (1) of Courtney Summers' previous novels in paperback. See the form below to choose your desired title."
3135 "The Reckoning",  a tense police procedural sequel to "The Burning" has the London police discovering tortured, sadistically maimed and killed paroled pedophiles: a priest, a social introvert & a family man. The author paints a vividly gruesome crime scene so you might find yourself skipping a page or two along the way.  28 year old Detective Constable Maeve Kerrigan, recently ended her affair with DC Rob Langton, is ambitious for success in this field run by a boys club of adult men. She is currently ticked off that Superintendent Godley has partnered her with the division's new Detective Inspector, Josh Derwent. You might ask why? Perhaps because in this day and age there still exists a situation where a team lead can be sarcastic and egotistically delight in making a junior partner uncomfortable.  Maeve is quick witted and does not suffer fools or blustering buffoons lightly.  A layered crime novel (the people are believable, intriguing and in some cases very odd) that also involves the kidnapping of the fourteen year-old daughter of a crime boss.  The book starts off as a who done it and comes to include Maeve's friends Liv and Brody,  the comic relief is excellent. The writing is sharp, detailed, at a pace that can't be beat. The story is told through Maeve's POV except in two places where it changes to another character to move the story forward.
3136 O. Henry New York City was "Baghdad-on-the-Subway" little did he know the events of 2001. Stories of the lives of blue collar workers (is that phrase still applicable?) and middle class with endings that can turn the whole story on it's ear.  --Strictly business --The gold that glittered. --Babes in the jungle. --The day resurgent. --The fifth wheel. --The poet and the peasant. --The robe of peace. --The girl and the graft. --The call of the tame. --The unknown quantity. --The thing's the play. --A ramble in Aphasia.--A municipal report. --Psyche and the pskyscraper. --A bird of Bagdad. --Compliments of the season. --A night in new Arabia. --The girl and the habit. --Proof of the pudding. --Past one at Rooney's. --The venturers. --The duel. --"What you want."  O. Henry was the pen name of William Sidney Porter, who was born on September 11, 1862 in Greensboro, North Carolina. Porter was a licensed pharmacist and worked on a sheep ranch in Texas. He was a draftsman for the General Land Office and a teller for the First National Bank of Texas. He was convicted of embezzlement and eventually served five years in prison. While in prison, he began writing short stories under his pseudonym and eventually wrote over 300. As O. Henry, Porter is one of America's best known writers, and his stories, such as "The Gift of the Magi" and "The Ransom of Red Chief", are still taught in schools. In 1918, the O. Henry Awards, an annual anthology of short stories, was established in his honor. Porter died on June 5, 1910.
3137 for content and copy by William Morrow Harper Collins, so negative reviews prior to 2014 for this Romance no longer apply. The previous issues are gone and what remains is a romance spanning 1912 to 1982. The author has the story telling talent that compelled me to the perfect ending, with a terrific surprise along the way.  FYI only - cover summary from the first edition: Ireland, 1912 Fourteen members of a small parish set sail on RMS Titanic towards a new life in America. Among them is seventeen-year-old Maggie Murphy, who is heartbroken to be leaving her sweetheart, Samus. When disaster strikes on the night of April 14th, Maggie is separated from her group. Distraught and alone, she recovers in a New York hospital and vows never to speak of Titanic again. Chicago, 1982 Grace Butler's life is on hold after her father's death. But when her Great Nana Maggie breaks her silence about her Titanic journey, Grace discovers a remarkable story of love and survival. It is a story which leads to unexpected reunions and second chances for both women. * Inspired by true events surrounding a group of Irish emigrants known as The Addergoole Fourteen, who sailed on the maiden voyage of R.M.S Titanic, The Girl Who Came Home is a poignant retelling of the Titanic tragedy. Blending fact and fiction, this Titanic novel tells the human story of the tragedy, not just on board the ship itself, but extending beyond the immediate aftermath of the event to explore the emotions of relatives awaiting news back home and of the impact that night had on the survivors and their descendants. It is also a love letter to a ship whose tragic legacy endures, a century on.
3138 Poignant ,eloquent, poetic language that is never embellished. The beauty of the words and the tragedy that befalls the people  in essence reminds me of the feeling I got at the end of the movie `A River Runs Through it'.  A prose novel (thoughts and speech but no punctuation) really added to the beauty, there was nothing jarring except the elements of the story. Not a slow read at all I roared through it in one day. A week later I don't want to give them up especially Angelene.  Briefly, we have- * the forests of the Wenatchee Valley of central Washington State, the eastern foothills of the Cascades * 49 year old Talmadge tends his 300 acre orchard @1900 * His father died when he was nine @1857 * His mother when he was 15 * His only sibling Elspeth disappeared when he was 17 * he has been on his own since, social interactions always pondered * A homely man face scarred from smallpox, with a gentle heart, stoic to life's tragedies * Clee his boyhood friend a Nez Perce chief, horse wrangler and mute * Caroline Middy confidant friend, sister, mother to Talmadge * Della and Jane, sisters ages 10 & 12, escape from living hell; feral, pregnant & violently afraid * Talmadge seeks to help them as one would a hurt wild animal * Angelene is born and is beloved by Talmadge * Until all too soon Jane and Della's worst fear is realized  The next sixteen year we follow their lives.  The beauty and violence, tragedy and courage as horse wranglers and fruit pickers, in new towns as gamblers, loggers and cannery workers, stints in prison, in good health and bad.  As they seek or give loyalty, compassion and revenge.
3139 The cover is a bit deceptive, she may be on a beach but it is a Jamaica destroyed by earthquake followed by tsunami. That the author couldn't come with anything better than 'Borderless Nurses' for the rescue organization should have tipped me off this wasn't to be the best novel. However the passion was way hot, enough to keep me reading to the end. Never having been to Jamaica I can't speak to the authenticity, however it was highly enjoyable to read. Having been in love more than once I can speak to the emotions the characters shared and they are spot on.
3140 Memories of the golden child - a preeminent Gay American author's captivating 16 years in Paris. Telling me stories, from the absolutely mind-boggling grotesque; page 63 actor Dieter Schidor and writer Gary Indiana's (as told by Gary if it can be believed) depraved drug fueled actions at Dauchau) to entertaining; enchanting vignettes of gossip, reflection, naughtiness (observed and lived - sex - lots of it - lots and lots of sex), giving me an experience as vivacious as the movie The Birdcage (La Cage aux Folles). He had something to say on rainbow spectrum: snarky (the English) outrageous (Julian Barnes), provocative (Robert Maplethorpe), funny (the French); while his relationship with literary critic Marie-Claude de Brunhoff, embodies what it is about the French that White loves.  The author is a compellingly writer, literary biographer, essayist, teacher at Princeton University, and has received many honors in addition to literary awards presented in his name. Most notably for me he has two memoirs, 'My Lives' and 'City Boy'; non-fiction 'The Flneur A Stroll Through the Paradoxes of Paris' (2001); and the autobiographical novel 'A Boys Own Story' (1982); Our Paris: Sketches from Memory, illustrated by his lover.
3141 Good story teller. Lots of twisted plotting! Great descriptions of geography. The Americans, the Chinese, the Russians, the Israelis, their spy agencies, military, and civilians involved. Yet the plot is pretty easy to follow. It's a lot of book, it links to prior books with foreshadowing of future books. Very competent page turner with heroes and villains who come across as whole people in conflicts and sometimes words.  The ending was a let-down, not very believable, it was awkward posturing.
3142 Intense followup to the author's terrific romance novel 'Without Warning' where - two women - 29 year old Anna Kaklis ("whose perfectly planned life never included falling in love with another woman--is thrown for a loop, but she doesn't doubt her heart") and  30 year old Lily Stewart ("abandoned too many times by people she trusted--won't let herself believe that Anna's love will endure").  They met during a earthquake in Los Angeles where they were trapped in a collapsed shopping mall and escape together.  This second novel finds them one year later. Anna is happier than she has ever been.  Lily is wondering if Anna wants forever. Anna is given her dream job that requires her to work 12 hour days and Saturdays. Lily suffers a tragic loss that leads to all her insecurities taking control of her life. What follows is a very intense story where Lily does alot of growing up and Anna does her best to make sure Lily survives.  Still providing the laugh out loud moments we expect with this author and very passionate romance, this is a novel that shows it is not always happily ever after - right away.  Don't miss the fabulous third story in the series 'Small Packages'.  or miss the author's other novels Mulligan Worth Every Step The House on Sandstone Just This Once Secrets So Deep Sumter Point Out of Love - 2007 Lambda Literary Award winner
3143 The writing is brilliant - clear and lucid. I thoughtlessly ordered this tome before I thought "The West can't end it's own poverty, how can it end the vast poverty an ocean away."  Still it was a wonderful read and I am very glad I did. The author writes of the a remote (even by African standards) village bordering Somalia and Kenya, where life is defined by drought, starvation, disease & savagery.  The book covers 6 years of implementing economist Jeffrey Sachs' (the director of the 'Earth Institute' at Columbia University) theories to end extreme poverty. His hypothesis being that with wealth, commitment and the proper vision, extreme poverty can be put out like a forest fire before the turn of the next century.  In 2006 the Millennium Villages Project was launched with $120 million and 12 participating villages. To say more would be to give the story away just know that as daunting as you think the task to me , it is 12 times more daunting and it would have been more interesting to see if spending all the money on one village , add in some serious birthcontril and shee what happens, Looking for a bit more of a visual? Search 'THE IDEALIST: Jeffrey Sachs and the Quest to End Poverty By Nina Monk' for a 3 minute video.
3144 This is a fascinating look at life in a remote Alaskan village. Bettles is the small dot located above the Arctic circle and when the land is not frozen is only accessible via the air. With twenty-four residents, all are dependent on each other for existence and entertainment.  Bryson Faulkner is forty years old and lives on her own in her remote cabin north of Bettles.  She absolutely loves her life, when not ferrying goods or people to and from remote locations to Bettles or Fairbanks she can kick back and read and enjoy the gorgeous scenery.  A native of Alaska she has followed the same career as her father.  The one thing she would like to add would be someone to share it with. But in the remote location she has chosen her options are few and she isn't interested in settling for less than the right thing. Bryson is wonderfully self-confident, a good person and friends to all who know her.  Into her life crashes thirty-five year old Karla Edwards, an ER nurse from hot humid Atlanta Georgia. Karla's life in the last two months has been turned upside down and inside out, at this point there is nothing permanent or steady for her.  In other words they couldn't be more different. Outwardly at least.  The author gives the reader a good time bringing these separate elements together and blending them into a fun frozen treat.  If you like this book you will love the author's other stories - Force of Nature Whitewater Rendezvous Flight Risk
3145 Debut author of a police procedural, serial murder and lesbian romance. You will also be craving a Tommy's Burger when you finish reading, lol!  Sydney Rutledge, 35 year old Los Angeles Assistant District Attorney, is the lead prosecutor on a serial murder case (12 victims over 4 years).  Alex Chambers, 38 years old, ex-military and over 15 years on the force she is a veteran LAPD officer who made the arrest in the case. Sydney finds Alex very attractive, much to her surprise as she has never dated women, and at one time was almost married to a man until she broke it off..= Alex might return her feelings but the heartbreak she suffered years ago makes her hide behind her badge, being attracted to the straight ADA seems safe enough because it won't go anywhere. A new serial murder, a copycat of the one now doing time, is murdering female lawyers - Alex is desperate to make sure Sydney isn't the next victim.  Alex and Sydney were terrific, both had tragedies in their family, but by the end of the book I didn't feel like I got to know them as deeply as you want in a novel. The dialogue was normal for a debut author. I am super excited the author is working on a sequel.
3146 15 Emmy's for writing, I knew I was in for a good read. The author is known to delighted children  (and secretly their older siblings) and their parents since 1969 as Maria on Sesame Street.  This is the memoir of her youth, her parents were immigrants from Puerto Rico and life was not easy.  Poverty, compounded by her father's drinking and abuse towards his wife, her mother, permeated much of her life. She grew up in an era of opportunity, civil rights and women's lib with hard work and encouragement from a teacher enabled her to follow her dream and got her entrance to the prestigious High School of Performing Arts, a scholarship at Carnegie Mellon University, a role in Godspell on Broadway, ultimately a strong role in front and behind the camera on Sesame Street.  The only thing that will be better than reading this book is sending the audio book to my little sister who was riveted by the show Sesame Street.
3147 This novel just didn't do it for me.. The prose was gorgeous at times and over-wrought at others.  I probably would have enjoyed it much more if I had read the first two novels in this series.  I am very glad I read to the end.  ANCIENT LIGHT is the 18th book from the Man Booker Prize-winning (THE SEA) Irish novelist.  Alexander Cleave (in two previous novels ECLIPSE & THE SHROUD) is a stage actor in retirement (years earlier he froze on stage and his career ended) offered his first film role, playing Axel Vander. Before he died, Vander had a relationship with Cleave's wild-child daughter "Cass" (a suicide in Italy 10 years ago).  Cleve is at the point in his life where he is thinking back on his life when he was 15 and had an erotically intense affair with the 35 year old married mother (Celia) of his best friend (Billy Gray). Friends like that I don't need! 50 years on, Cleve is so gonzo by this time in his life he can't determine if the specific memories are true or not. Add to the mix one of the co-stars, Dawn Devonport, is a self-destructive young actress who calls to mind his daughter.  Oddly enough the movie is titled "The Invention of the Past". Odder still her character is named "Cora"  - hmmm. His wife is pretty much a cypher which I found to be a disappointment.  I wonder if this book will stay with me and require that I read the previous two novels. If I do I will have to change the rating to 4 stars.
3148 Too much rape - too much graphic rape - had to give this a pass after only a few chapters, that was too bad because the author can write complex, interesting stories.  Back in 2003 when originally published (BTW I LOVED the cover of the 2011 edition I bought) this was the third in a series set in small town in Heartsdale, Grant County, Georgia where Dr. Sara Linton is a pediatrician (medical examiner for the county); her ex-husband Jeffrey Tolliver is the police chief. His infidelity killed it, sadly Sara is still crushing on him. The good doctor is brought into examine a suicide (mutilated body) of a young man at Grant Tech, the local college. Her pregnant sister Tessa, under circumstances known only to the author, goes with her to the scene and while by herself is viciously attacked. Next there seems to be copycat suicides. Nope. Turns out the town has a sadist on their hands, no clues, no motive - just terror and appalling violence.  Lena Adams, a campus security guard & former police detective - might hold the key to unlocking the mystery, but she has torment and a past of her own to deal with (her sister was murdered and Lena was tortured and rape by the killer). Horrific crimes go on from there.  If reading about emotional Abuse, Rape, grisly Torture and Sexual abuse (all with Gruesome details) has appeal - this is for you!
3149 Wow this story will stay with me a long time.  Written in the present tense, Mickey Brandis, is a brilliant twenty-eight-year-old doctoral candidate in medieval literature, living in her parents' garage.  Worse than paying back student loans, she's a diagnosed sociopath who killed a man when she was ten and fights her need to mutilate. With ADP (Antisocial Personality Disorder) she cannot bear to touch or be touched, people and places are odors (stinky or lovely). Mickey says she doesn't know how to lie, then lies to others and to herself. She dreams about torture and murder and dreads that she will one day become a serial killer.  Mickey receives an anonymous message at school which leads her to a condemned house where she finds a mutilated corpse. That day, a young art student at the college, Aidan, asks her to solve a 20 year old murder.  On top of that is her older brother, Dave, comes off very odd; and her 17 year old brother Stephen; Her parents are completely unable to reach her.  In spite of the brutality of the story, there are amusing and poignant moments. There are a couple freshman errors, easily overlooked and forgotten.  Winner
3150 I am a life long reader of Danielle Steel, from 1978&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Promise/dp/B001LQNNWE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Promise</a>, and while Fairytale is a well written novel with the prose of a Danielle Steel novel it wasn't a Danielle Steel romance. The romance started on the last page, so go into this knowing the lack of romance and you will not be disappointed. Fairytale is a story of a beautiful family of 3 that by the end of chapter one has been torn apart. Told in the prose of a fairytale the story was more simplistic than I was hoping for and Camille was the only one who is fully developed.  I think this is her 110th novel - amazing!
3151 This unique collection was culled from the author's poster series of women who "..had major physical and emotional relationships with other women..." (page 3).  The book consists of 100 portraits of women created by the author and based in part from images (mostly photographs) taken of the subjects during their lifetime.  Not to be missed for it's historical as well as artist merit.  From the book jacket - "The images are powerful and personal, evoking a sense of continuity, of sisterhood. The women portrayed are family and culture, affirming, defiant, bonding".  I have also enjoyed the following books which are either by Tee Corinne or contain her work -  Courting Pleasure: A Collection by Tee Corinne  C*nt Coloring Book by Tee Corinne  Dreams of the Woman Who Loved Sex by Tee Corinne  Intimacies by Tee Corinne, Tamsin Wilton,  Intricate Passions edited by Tee Corinne (Lambda Award Winner)  Lovers: Love and Sex Stories by Tee Corinne  Riding Desire: An Anthology of Erotic Writing edited by Tee Corinne  Sparkling Lavender Dust of Lust  by Tee Corinne  The Body of Love edited by Tee Corinne  The Poetry of Sex: Lesbians Write the Erotic edited by Tee A. Corinne  Yantras of Womanlove by Tee Corinne  Nothing But the Girl: The Blatant Lesbian Image by S. Bright & J. Posener  Stolen Glances: Lesbians Take Photographs - Tessa Boffin
3152 Mira Books is a book publishing imprint of Harlequin Enterprises that focuses on mainstream fiction. It was launched in 1994 and should not be considered part of the Harlequin romance empire.  I got this book because my younger sister spent a semester in Switzerland (back in 1982) just like the main character does here. The story is aptly titled because Switzerland and Lausanne are so much a part of the novel. I also had a BFF in college much like Kirstina in personality, both Hadley and Kristina rang true to life. The ending was well done. Those readers who mostly read mysteries will perhaps figure out the resolve along the way but it won't really impact the reading because it is very well done. Joel, Jacques & Hugo were very well portrayed.
3153 I was the lucky first child to read this book and it has been in our family for 6 generations (sisters, cousins, nieces, nephews and now grandchildren). The illustrations are delightful, memorable and award worthy. The story is perfect for ages 1 to 101. Fun to read and be read to. Do not miss it. We now have 5 copies in our family.  KIRKUS REVIEW  Emily Emerson is a lucky little girl because she has a father who can do most anything. And so she is not the least surprised when her doting parent promises her the moon. How he keeps his promise is told in this playful story with its moon-pale illustrations. The author's new approach to the familiar situation and its expected solution endow Emily's predicament with just the right amount of suspense and freshness required for the nursery reader.  Pub Date:Aug. 4th, 1960 Publisher:Little, Brown
3154 Ages 9 to 11. From the book matter for the kindle edition "A heartwarming contemporary middle-grade novel that will resonate with an entire generation of young readers with dreams of music in a rough economy. While other kids dream about cars, sports, and fashion, all eleven-year-old Samantha Morris dreams about is playing the drums. But it's hard to make her dreams come true when her parents are against it, she bangs on dictionaries because she can't afford a real kit, and her middle school is cutting its music program. Sam's only hope to accomplish her dream is to find a private music teacher and pay for lessons herself -- even if it means borrowing the family lawn mower without permission to make the money. But when one of her friends tells her she's the worst percussionist in the band, she starts to wonder if she's got what it takes. If Sam wants to become a real drummer, she must also overcome her own doubts if she wants to succeed. "  I was totally stoked to get this for our 9 year old and she devoured it in one weekend. There was absolutely nothing not to like in this story. The author's books are now on our must buy list.
3155 Fifth book in the series, I have read them all and can't get enough of the author's depictions of the Oregon Coast. Perhaps because I have only recently moved here and it's like I am doubling my pleasure in this new home by reading through the eyes of the townies and new arrivals. The series is set on the southern Oregon coast and is spot on in it's depiction of the locale and the people. This is another feel good romance that was just right for me on this sunny holiday weekend - I hope there are a dozen more planned for the series.  And yes, people on the Oregon Coast are very much like those you find in the this book and in the series (with the exception of Peyton who I just never got over her reason for breaking up with her previous boyfriend.)  One recommendation - read the opening chapters that you can readily find at Amazon and if the style isn't for you then move on because the rest of the book is no different.  ** received the book for free through Goodreads First Reads **  THUNDER POINT SERIES Book 6 - The Homecoming Book 5 - The Promise Book 4 - The Chance Book 3 - The Hero Book 2 - The Newcomer Book 1 - The Wanderer
3156 An excellent gift for someone at a crossroards. Divorce, job loss, health crisis, loss of a loved can all lead to overwhelming inertia, the author acts as a coach, guide and mentor to help those who need it to "GET UP & GO!" Chris Guillebeau is Host of the World Domination Summit (an international gathering of creative people), his 2012 book The $100 Startup was  a New York Times bestseller, and he has traveled to every country in the world before the age of 35.  Excellent book club choice. I brought it to read on vacation with my sister and had to make sure it returned some in my suitcase. Although it offers nothing that you haven't heard before it still is a very good push. I also wish money wasn't a central premise. I once had a nice paying job: but not for 18 months now.  I am far happier now living simply, making every penny count and loving the things I do have.
3157 Tattooed Boo Malone and his large BFF from St Gabrielle's Boys Home, Junior, are bouncers at a Boston bar THE CELLAR. A couple of wisecracking misfits looked after by the motherly bartender Audrey.  Boo and Junior are hired to find Cassandra, the 14 year old daughter of the Boston District Attorney who is running for mayor.  They uncover evidence that she is being sexually exploited, Boo can't help but see in her his long-lost little sister.  Two things took me out of the story. The swear words, not offensive to me, were constant and too repetitious. Also, a stronger editor could have helped identify passages that were confusing to the reader and work with the author to clean them up so you didn't have to re-read a sentence a couple times to get the jest.  I will surely give this author another read and recommend.
3158 Terrific Humor, expert knowledge of current culture and history shines through.  Design elements are excellent and graphs are easy to read.  The 30 year Oregon resident in my family is tremendously impressed.
3159 Living on the Oregon coast I am a sucker for any novel that is set here, and am only disappointed when it is clear the author has never been here or can't write a story worth telling. I enjoyed the story of Ryan & Leah, high school sweethearts who went their separate way and meet again 12 years later. That they fall into bed soon after seeing each other again seemed real, I remember being 30 and single. The tea cozy mystery was fun if not suspenseful. I was disappointed in Leah, I think she was a fool. I didn't care for the type of bad guys, perverted characters in a romance turn me off. the Oregon coast never came alive so I would have to take a pass on any further books in the series.
3160 I enjoyed this enough that I am looking to read her best-sellers, 'Watermelon', 'Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married', and 'This Charming Man'.  The novel opens with Stella Sweeney living in Dublin, Ireland getting her life back together. Two years earlier she was unhappily married, working with her sister in their beauty salon, raising two teenagers, when she is crippled by Guillain-Barre syndrome. She heroically recovers, writes a hugely popular memoir and leaves for New York with her neurologist. Lots of dark Irish humor, the story really captured me, then slowed down too much in the middle and then resolved itself rather quickly.
3161 Not your run of the mill, stereotypical, bleak bleak bleak Post-Apocalyptic book. In other words, more true to what would probably, and hopefully, be a worst case.  A deadly plague cripples the US and much of the world (think massive death along the lines of the influenza of 1919, times three), especially the eastern seaboard - all the 13 original colonies in ruin of survivalist violence - no government federal, state or local - complete lawlessness unless you have the community and strength to repel the violent.  Taylor Stone is a survivor, she has escaped from a slave labor farm outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She is heading through chaos on foot to her family home in Indiana. In her journey to safety she is approached warily by a group of survivors who offer to take her with them. She cautiously accepts as violence has become the norm.  They travel to Burninghead Farm, one of the other survivors she meets is Kate who may be the light and comfort from the horrors outside.  The ending was excellent, spot on perfect and very very realistic - I can totally see this as a movie.  This is a Keeper!
3162 9 Powerful stories, expertly written - hard to believe this is a debut collection. Short story writing done well is a rare find. This collection stretches across the world and across decades. The one element linking the stories is the portrayal of the Philippine people.  Samples of the author's work can be found on line at her website "The Virgin of Monte Ramon. is a title you can read in it's entirety.  The author was born in the Philippines, grew up in New York City by way of Bahrain and is a graduate of Harvard and Columbia.
3163 Take two terrific women (Kristine & Gloria), add the resort destination of Mammouth Mountain (a real life gorgeous location in the California high Desert country, East of Sacramento and south East of Yosemite National Park) guiding horseback tours  and you have a winner. Impressive writing for a new author. The story adds suspense by keeping the reader guessing to the very end about what happened 6 years ago to Kristine that kept her from returning to guiding summer horseback tours until now. Sealing the deal for me was Kristine's brother Gabe, an all around great guy and so is their relationship.  For an outstanding author interview by Jae, search "Interview with fellow author Laina Villeneuve".
3164 Complusively readable. In fact I read it twice  to see if I missed anything.  Elize had my heart by chapter two.  And lost it on page 261. I just didn't buy it.  Elize has not had an easy time of it. I would love to tell you more about her but the author's intent, I think, is for the reader to journey with Elize as she reviews her life. As Elize comes to her own self-realization the reader gets another piece of her puzzle. The story of Elize is all over the place and told in dribs and drabs until by the last page we have a nearly complete picture.  With 3 exceptions I really could have loved the book. Page 261 being one. The 180 degree change on her career needs and feelings towards Frankie by the end of the book. The other is that the story never felt whole. For me, it needed dialogue with her father, grandmother and grandfather. Deeper. I needed deeper.  Erik was perfect- I am surprised at the end.
3165 Rosie, the transitioning receptionist is the best part in the novel.  The author is a 30 year veteran of the Atlanta PD starting as a beat cop and retiring a lieutenant. The novel opens with Sarah's first day as a lieutenant, she's an action hero type who practices Aikido, in a relationship with Detective Bernard Wills, and loves dogs.  The descriptions of Atlanta are so well done they will give you the feel of having been there a dozen times yourself.
3166 historical fiction, sex, time travel to this century and so much more  This is the real deal for me. Historical fiction mixed with time travel mixed with sexual passion mixed with drama and trauma.  A well told story with plenty of zigs and zags and a terrific cast of characters.  Keeper!
3167 the writing style is definitely an acquired taste - but I'm kinda quirky myself so I enjoyed the change -  My strongest suggestion is to read the opening chapter and see if  you find the writing format oddly enjoyable. The suspense was delicious.
3168 For anyone spending more than a day in this town located at the every tip of Cape Cod. This is a perfect gift to yourself so pick one up, It is packed with pictures as well as text that fun to look at as you stroll through town identifying the history of all the buildings and look at how well preserved these buildings are.  We got our copy at the Provincetown Book store (there are 3 in the small town). Or get it when you get home from your visit as a delightful commemorative item. The best would be to order it before you go for a visit and take the time to read and look through it before you go, you'll be glad you did.
3169 This was a surprise for any reader who was expecting a romance.  This is more a memorier of a two year period in childhood with immensely emotional events occurring. The reader see the events through the eyes of the children experiencing them.  The story is smooth and readily flows from preent day and back 30 years and more - this author has a talent for writing.  I would have enjoyed a more in depth exploration seeing the events through the eyes of the children (ages 8 through 14) as felt by them as adults (ages 47 & 45).  I found the scenes with and about Ellie's mother especially touching.  I don't want to give any plot away but it's not a story I'll soon forget.  I especially liked that none of the loose ends were tied up by the last page - I thought it very true to life.  The author has 19 titles in print.
3170 After finishing the last page I couldn't help but want to spend some time in her company. The author brought Elizabeth to life, you just want to know how close to the truth could this depiction be? It's not like the last 100 years where we pretty much know everything about our public figures. The author does such a good job depicting the person and the time that you want to go out and read every book on QE1.
3171 Set 140 years ago in Late Victorian age England. With the perfect name of Edgar  (nod to Edgar Allen Poe). His father raised him on horror stories that the brothers Grim would admire (Dracula, Frankenstein). This has led to Edgar being a quivering ball of nerves. His father dies, he is sent to live with relatives who pack him off to boarding school in Scotland. The teenage Edgar begins reading his father's journals and they give him the strength to make it through the day of the little sadists disguised as fellow students and the heartless instructors and the nights filled with the horror stories that come to life in his dreams. Luckily he finds a kindred soul in one of the teachers, Lear. Our high school freshman LOVED it.
3172 Make it a few inches wider and longer and you have a WINNER! perfect for our 3 cat/4 litter box home. We put this at the bottom of the litter boxes once a week - cover with the cracked pine litter and a week later dump it in the garbage no disgusting mess or clean up - these liners have come a long way.
3173 I'm a bit of a golf ball snob. I grew-up playing Titelist and in my 30's loved playing the Wilson Prostaff I seemed to get 10 to 15 extra yards off the tee and fairway.  I never liked putting or hitting the Callaway balls in the 1990's but this ball feels great, and the price is right.  I wanted to read more about the ball but found nothing at the Callaway homepage and little else on the internet.
3174 18 year old Eva and her twin brother Eamon are the children of the ruler. Eamon is now dead and Eva takes his place in the event called The Testing.  The Testing is an Iditarod like dogsled journey over snow and ice to Boundary Lands the land of the previous civilization whose corruption brought down the fury of the gods and the flood. The goal is to bring back artifacts buried in the ice that support the claims of the government for the cause of the flood.  Rulers an Arctic country named 'Aerie', are dictatorial fascists of a medieval society. 250 years earlier a flood destroyed almost everything and everyone, and all technology. The people believe the flood came from the worship of a false god. Lukas is one of the Boundary People who are the servants to the ruling class. Lukas was Eamon's trainer for The Testing and now prepares Eva. Jasper is of the ruling class and betrothed to Eva.  Sounds terrific. But in this first novel that is all there really is. An epic story deserves epic characters and while their actions are huge their personality didn't hold. My 13 year old took longer than usual to finish; I'll hold on to the book for my 9 year old in a couple years to read, maybe she will think differently.
3175 Ingredients: Salmon, Chicken Meal, Potato Starch, Peas, Brewers Dried Yeast, Chicken Fat, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid, Potassium Chloride, preserved with Mixed Tocopherols, Oil of Rosemary.  Calorie Content:  One Treat = 1.3 Kcals ; 3,750 Kcals/kg,  The more calories the better for my diabetic 16 year old insulin dependent kitty.  We give her 4 to 8 of these treats if she comes begging for more after eating a regular meal, it seems to do the trick, she scarfs them down and moves on.
3176 you know what is perfect about this? You are invited to dinner and can bring the perfect wine with you as a gift. The art work is lavish and will make this an ideal gift, if you can make yourself part with it.  Over 15 dishes for each varietal.  If you feel ill at ease when ordering wine when you are out to dinner just flipping through the text and pictures will give you enough of a knowledge base to order with ease. Try it, you'll like it.
3177 Any Peanuts Christmas fan will LOVE this & when you open it up it has Scripture Luke 2:10 which Linus speaks in the TV special.  Only flaw for me was it needed to come with closure of some kind  Soft (not leather), and after 2 months still durable, Simple construction, nothing fancy Elastic Straps hold all but the Kindle Fire in place - mine has not slipped out - time will tell. You can charge with the case closed  Excellent Christmas gift
3178 I have never heard of Wayne Dyer, so his daughter's (#6 of 8) book about her father's life work (his huge hit came out in 2001 the year he divorced his wife) was entertaining - I enjoyed it and am glad I spent the time to read it.
3179 I was so enchanted with this novel from the first chapter that I read it in one evening - this is a do not miss romance!!!  The writing is pure delight. Very romantic, very sexy and populated with people you want to meet and become friends with.  From the publisher's website - She fled to Hawaii seeking refuge from her tragic past... what she found was the passion of a lifetime ! ! !  The Aloha Airlines flight buzzed with excitement as vacationers, young lovers, and adventurers caught their first glimpse of the cloud-covered mountains of the approaching island. Amalia Grant wished she could share the joyful feelings of her fellow passengers, but knew that was impossible. Her greatest hope was that the solitude and drastic change of scenery might help her forget...  Although Amalia had read every Hawaiian guide book she could find, she was soon awed by the Big Island's rich tapestry of color and texture; its warm, sensuous landscape of shimmering black sand beaches, hidden waterfalls, lush valleys, dripping rainforests, and steaming volcanoes. And nothing could prepare her for a moonlit meeting on Kilauea's lava fields -- or the way her body and soul would react to a stranger's fiery touch!
3180 Books, romance, books and the South of France - what's not to love? Translated from the German.  50 year old Jean Perdu was jilted 21 years ago. His lover, Manon left a letter which he in his grief never opened (hard to believe - I know). Since then he has found solace in his Paris on the Seine bookstore, The Literary Apothecary. His talent lies in knowing the right title for each person to soothe their soul.  Catherine has recently moved in Jean's apartment building. Weeping in her heartbreak Jean offers comfort in a table to furnish the apartment and books. Catherine find Manon's letter. Convinces Jean to read it which he does.  This sets Jean on a journey of discovery down the Seine. his young neighbor Max is a stowaway and together they embark on an adventure and meet colorful characters.
3181 Young Adult living in poverty and suffering the travails of Job.. growing up in a trailer park in Eugene, Oregon a great college town - Go Ducks! Oregon has a little bit of everything to offer. It's also 2 hours from the mountains in one direct, 3 hours from California in another direction and 90 minutes from the ocean.  Eugene is a terrific place to grow up unless like Travis you live in foster care until your grandparents take you in to live with them in a desperate poor trailer park because your mother is a heroine addict living on the streets, your grandmother is dying of cancer and your buddy was stabbed playing basketball. raw and honest. Not for the timid reader. Very Very well written.
3182 Ideal for Boys or Girls ages 10 to 12. I got this for my 10 year old nephew and he devoured it in 4 days.  Deacon Smith's Home for Waifs. 12 year old Possum's best friend, Billy, likes to play it fast and loose while Possum has a moral compass.  Possum was a foundling left at the door of the orphanage as a baby; Billy was also brought to the orphanage at the same age and year, they have lived together as close as brothers as the children are put 2 to a bed.  Billy hears from the orphanage's cook that a lake of gold is hidden high in the mountains. Billy and Possum make a run for it and they hook up with the Professor, a huckster who sells worthless elixir and takes the boys on as apprentices.  They meet the Singletary family who show Possum the joys of family life.  The boys find the lake but not their dreams of gold, instead Possum discovers Pa Singletary's watch in Billy's pocket, leading to a fight, a truce and the knowledge that they each have a different destiny.
3183 Perfect Book Club choice! Don't expect Ragtime, The Waterworks, The Book of Daniel, Billy Bathgate, and The March (all of them I liked so well I re-read again and again). This is an internal novel like the author's most recent (and utterly fascinating) "Homer & Langley".  The novel is so dense (and at under 200 pages there is no need to hurry) that you must not rush through as you would another novel. Wait for the reveals. Don't feel stymied by not 'getting' the book by the end of each chapter. Enjoy the surprises. Wonder as you go along what is fact and what is rationalization like we all do every day to get through the day. I would tell you more but the book summary gives you all you need before the author takes you on the journey through Andrew's life in the first 10 years of the 21st century.
3184 Eddy Harkness was once an a brilliant up and coming detective running the Boston Police Department's Narcotics team. Then he became the scapegoat in the death of a drunk Red Sox. Now he is a meter-maid in his hometown of Nagog, Massachusetts on unpaid leave from the BPD. He is the son of an infamous swindler and it looks like he is going to lose the meter job after a night of carousing leads to his gun going MIA.  Third Rail is a new drug that has just hit the streets, Eddy gets involved in hopes that due for a win that might get him back on the A team.  Eddy is quite the character, this is the kind of book my Dad, born in 1937 and growing up on pulp fiction, would have loved.  If looking for more books from this debut author check out author Stona Fitch (Give + Take) Rory Flynn is a pen name. Stona Fitch is best known for his 2001 book, Senseless, which was turned into the 2008 movie.
3185 Original storytelling that is a delightful read no matter the occasion. To get an even deeper essence of the wit behind this novel listen to the author on youtube "Penguin Comedy Podcast" minutes 38 to 47. The author also has a very entertaining Blog on her website.
3186 I brought this to read to my 3 year old niece and 7 year old nephew as a bed time story and they both loved it.  They both totally got the humor and their parents were delighted to read it to them again and again.  The illustrations were delightful, clever and kept the kids attention and interest.  I took off one point for the text being duplicated in book two and book one in 10 different paragraphs.
3187 I ended up googling all the major players and the locations for any wisps of information - I was completely smitten and fascinated. An unsparing biography of a fascinating woman first a young woman set a drift by a cold father who doesn't qualify, in my mind, as worthy of being called a parent. Rescued by an older man, from French nobility, who loved being her prince charming even while it appears the marriage wasn't as physical as customary. Throw into the mix World War 2; Nazis; internment camps; and the ways a woman could survive to go on to live her life. The only thing better for me would have been a memoir written by Priscilla herself.
3188 Excellent  story - Fabulous characters - Superb writing  This is my favorite series by this author - the 2 main characters Rebecca and Catherine are real and you want to pull for them every step they take.  Add to that 2 other women, Michael and Sloan from 'A Matter Of Trust', who are also well written and fascinating then add two more women, Sandy and Dellon Mitchell, who we are just learning about then you have a story you hope never ends.  As a bonus the story line is action packed, faced paced and believeable.  I could not put this book down. I thought the first book 'Shield Of Justice' in the series was great and the second book 'In Pursuit Of Justice' even better while this book tops the previous two.  Also look for the Bold Strokes Books edition published September 2004.  This is a Keeper !  Don't miss any of the books in this tremendous series -  A Matter of Trust Shield of Justice In Pursuit of Justice Justice in the Shadows Justice Served
3189 Thoughtfully we don't see Owen and his pal Sheepie grow together through the years for the first 15 pages, it would be an even bigger tearjerker. As it is poor Sheepie passes away peacefully on the first few pages and in their yard where Owen finds him.  Owen gets his Dad and they have parent/child time talking about their old pal and how Sheepie can't play but lives with them forever in their hearts.  I have already read this book to my little ones, rather than saving it for the day we lose a pet, in hopes it will be less shocking and traumatic.
3190 The lame cover should have warned me. I've never been to Nebraska, nor remember reading a novel set there, so that was fun for me as a reader. It was a long 3 weeks in the office and I was ripe for a romance, even one about a college age couple floundering in life. Still, a romance about a 3rd year dropout with on-demand social anxiety disorder never grew on me.
3191 Liam's mom died two years ago. His  Dad moves him and his sister to a new home for a fresh start. The scares, thrills and chills start when Liam's new friend summons the ghost of Bloody Mary into the house.  A short truly scary story told at a 3rd grade reading level.  I read it with my tiny tot first to buffer the scary but not gory story.
3192 This is one book you shouldn't start in the evening as I did because you will not want to stop reading after the first two chapters.  Laney has taken over the presidency and running of the boutique bank set on glamorous Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills California. In her thirty-four years she has been as conservative in her personal life as she must be when running her bank. She has just had her cheating lover move out after 4 listless years together.  Into her life and her bank enters Theresa. Theresa has Femme Fatale written all over her (think Raymond Chandler bad girl). But she seems safe enough to Laney as she is a married woman.  Sandrine Girard is a French woman who has long been on the Los Angeles police force and has regular business contact with Laney in her role on the on the force's fraud department. Sandrine as never had a steady relationship due to trust issues fostered from an early age. She sees Laney as someone who she may want to give her trust to for the first time.  Laney is attracted to the opportunities, business and personal, Theresa can bring and steps outside her normal cautions.  The writing was so well paced I found myself saying aloud "NO! Don't do it!" And hot, the novel is very sensual.  Very entertaining story and realistic ending.
3193 Over the top violence but will try his next in the series because he is a good storyteller with an appealing main character, Frank 'Yak' Yakabuski. The author writes in a style close to Lee Child. A police procedural set in the forestal wilds of Canada, on an old logging river. The action perks along and then, unfortunately, the author inserts a journal by on of the victims into the story. The reading skids to a stop, disappointed, interrupted, annoyed, The story within the story also makes for good reading, but not in this tense, focused mystery. The journal is really too well written for the character and her desperate situation.
3194 Will stick with the Blue Diamond Pecan Nut Thins which are AWESOME! Salty crispy yummy goodness. Terrific or with a soft cheese like brie or thinly sliced deli provolone.
3195 8 year old Sam's family (Mom, Dad, little sister Ava) are creating a sukkah in their backyard to celebrate the Jewish harvest thanksgiving. When a huge storm rolls in they run into their home to wait it out and wonder if  the new building will survive the storm undamaged. See for yourself if the Sukkah provides for more than Sam's Family.  Our Catholic family are wanting to incorporate more traditions from the Old Testament into our lives. And even if that weren't the case we enjoying learning about traditions of our friends and neighbors. The last page tells about the Sukkoth tradition  The art work is very homespun (we liked it) my copy wasn't sharply focused so I don't know if that is the style or just my ARC copy.
3196 The easiest clock reset of any appliance - 3 clicks and done!  My favorite is the one touch button - one touch to add a minute.  Easy viewing while heating if you aren't sure of the correct setting.  Ok, this is a work horse since September 2008 for Lunch and Dinner 7 days a week.  A bunch of presets. It has the rotating tray to heat evenly - set it and forget it. Very easy clean up.  Super quick to heat. Under a minute to melt cheese, 3 minutes to super heat anything out of the refrigerator.
3197 A riveting story of betrayal and vengeance, starting with a gruesome prologue.  The killer is targeting an IRA (Irish Republican Army) social group.  Set in South Buffalo, aka `The County' (as in; so many Irish live there it qualifies as a county of Ireland).  Homicide Det. Absalom `Abbie' Kearney returns home after getting a degree from Harvard and working with great success on the Miami Florida police force. It's winter and as anyone who has lived in Northern NY knows, it is freezing! She's come back to care for her dad, John, a retired detective and a local legend. Abbie is John's adopted daughter. Her mother was a drug addict and her father unknown. Her black hair, fair complexion and brilliant blue eyes are typical of the `Black Irish'.  A fascinating look at a community that the author paints vividly.  Debut fiction from an accomplished non-fiction author. The ending didn't do it for me, kind of weak, but not poor enough that I won't be looking for the sequel.
3198 It's the pecans that make the mix awesome and the massive amount of almonds that get in the way of pure enjoyment.  Planters if you are reading: my preferred mix would be 25% pecans; 25% cashews; 25% peanuts; and remainder a mix of Filberts, Walnuts, pistachios and almonds
3199 This is a sequel to the author's novel 'Undeniable' and like the first book it is a delightful romance set in Florida. Not your typical light read at over 300 pages. The highlight of this story is seeing how the characters deal with their famlies and their work place where errors in judegement cause tremendous problems as their relationship develops.  I am looking forward to reading more about these two women.  This is from the publishers web site -  In this sequel to Undeniable, Jessica and Robin find that their bond continues to deepen.  They want to be together, but family interference and business protocol threaten to expose and perhaps even destroy their relationship. They're forced to deal with situations that may bring professional harm and personal upheaval into their lives.  Undaunted, they fight back, keeping their trademark humor firmly in place to balance to the more difficult times they share. In spite of all that conspires against them, Jess and Robin find that the resulting turmoil in their lives has the potential to bring them even closer together. Through adversity, they now have the courage to voice to one another their most profound and considerable appeal.
3200 Medieval historical fiction with not enough romance between highlander Sir dham MacFinlagh and lady-in-waiting Fiona Ormiston the daughter of a loyal border lord during the rule of James I, King of Scotland (Reign: 4 April 1406  21 February 1437).  I was hoping for another Roberta Gellis but it wasn't to be.
3201 The best out there in the $100 to $200 price range  LIKES * 4 years without a repair or reduction in cleaning (weekly used on 4 bedrooms, diningroom & livingroom) * Great suction * Great tool to get corners, window sills, and behind furniture * Great tool for furniture * LOVE the bagless super large cup * Simple to empty - just twist apart empty and twist on and go * Not cumbersome - it's not light weight but I am 50 years old and not in the best shape and I have no issues * Only replaced a belt once when I ran it too close to a bed spread and in it went LOL! * Easy turn on off with foot or hand * Cord retracts with a touch and pulls out easily * Hepa filter - easy to install - save yourself the hassle and replace instead of cleaning  DISLIKES * Hose for tool could be  longer * replacing the belt is a total hassle - the old Hoover my mom had in the sixties was awesome - to replace the cover plate you just slide out 3 hooks and done - this one you have to take out like 8 screws  - that was ridiculous - however I looked at many cleaners and they are all like that - makes no sense * Doesn't go under most furniture
3202 Decided to try this new model even tho my old brush was still going strong.  After using for a couple months, I prefer my 3000 or 5000 series (at 2 and 3 times the cost)  Totally different brush stroke than 3000/5000 series.  Optional 8 different brushes to purchase! Pressure control Indicator bristles fade, to indicate when to replace brush Hard brushing alert Professional timer 1 cleaning mode (Daily Clean) my first had a second speed that I never used Charge level display The handle remains waterproof (of course) and easy to hold - excellent balance  1 handle 1 charger - compact, full strength for over a week when I was traveling and didn't take the charger 1 refill brush head - too large for my small mouth already overcrowded with teeth  60-day money back guarantee and a 2-Year replacement or repair warranty  I can't imagine ever buying another brand than Oral B - I have been hooked since my first 11 years ago.
3203 Set in New York City this is an ambitious and clever novel about fathers and sons, brothers and envy, lies and truths, cowardice, responsibility and guilt.  At times epic & beautifully eloquent, insightful and wry, but rarely touching this reader emotionally. Perhaps because my own father was a better man then every man in the book? I pitied them all. However, I was clearly delighted delving into the the lives of NY Times best selling authors.  The story told by forty-something Philip the son of Charles Topping lifelong BFF of Andrew (A.N.)Dyer who decades ago was the author of an iconic coming of age novel. Andrew has done some appalling things in his life to his friend Charles and even his own son. His son Richard is no better and carries on a grudge even to impacting his own life and that of his son.  But just how much can we trust Philip or his perceptions - what is his agenda for telling the story?
3204 The book definitely delivered on that promise!  Very Interesting novel.  The first chapter grabs your attention completely and I didn't stop reading until I finished. Plenty of twists and turns. I look forward to reading more from this author and soon!
3205 A memoir by an indie rock guitarist, "I liked playing music that came from the head, guts, and crotch. Anything else was pointless. If you weren't going for poweror just to be really weird, or to do something that hadn't already been done a thousand times, or something bigI didn't understand why [you would play], either."  This totally was not my scene back in the late 70's and 1980's or even the 90's, or even the last 15 years where nostalgia for the music of their youth has induced fans to call the bands, once on permanent hiatus, to tour Europe and America so their fans of decades can see their cult bands play live.  "If the drummer drags the beat with his kick drum, sending the sensation to your reptile brain that rolls your eyeballs toward the back of your head, if the guitarist's overtones are so intense you see angels, if the singer screams not like how every other singer has screamed since the dawn of time, but instead surfaces the terror and dread that you spend your entire waking life trying to tamp downWould you understand me then?"  I Loved it.  Because it totally was not me is not me now it was truly fascinating to read a memoir about a slice of life I had not lived.  The author went on, after the ear-splitting halcyon days of indie-rock, to be the executive editor of Inc. magazine, editorial director at Magnum Photos, media columnist for BusinessWeek, on-air contributor for CNBC, and print media reporter for Advertising Age.
3206 16-year-old Iolanthe Seabourne heads off to Eton College, disguised as a boy named Archer Fairfax. She is furious until romance enters the picture.  A prophecy foretells Iolanthe will one day destroy the tyrannical and powerful "mage" who rules the "Realm". Turns out that our gal Iolanthe will be the greatest elemental mage of her generation (she has powers over all elements but air).  Turns out Titus is Prince Titus of Elberon, he has sworn to protect Iolanthe at all costs and he too is a powerful mage. The story unfolds when Titus and Iolanthe take kill or be killed steps to eliminate the bane of their existence,  It's the first book in a planned trilogy that thankfully does not have a cliffhanger ending, although it contained so many elements it was a bit of a mess.
3207 When a Lesbian Romance novel opens with a dead man wearing a purple condom you know it won't be stereotypical. The Author, through their Publisher, makes a Free Prequel available to download at the publisher's website.  Detective Alex Canton has lived a charmed life, however it has enabled her to use violence over reason at work and elsewhere. She also controls women through intimidation and sex. She is not someone you would want to bring home to the folks. Her last girlfriend left when Alex found her in their bed with another woman, and encouraged her to leave by putting a gun to her head.  29 year old Nikki McLoud is suffering the woes of Job, her life is misery and her childhood was non-existent.  She has been the designer at Charming Advertising for 8 years, until she finds her boss dead at the open of the book. Could the attraction these two women feel for each other enable them to lead better, happier lives? Turn from violence? Sadly, no. It is a very passionate affair that the romance reader will enjoy. At 200 pages it isn't a long read and I finished it in 4 hours. Will give the next book in the series (MY EVERYTHING) a try. Eye catching cover by Nancy Kaufman and professional editing by Nat Burns. There was a lot that was really enjoyable, however the Violence and Lies that engulf Alex toward the end of the story and that is directed toward Nikki was pretty off-putting for a romance novel - so think of this as general fiction and you might enjoy the read more.
3208 The twist is they are both from the country of India, Bengal to be exact. The novel was too short (at 200 pages) to ever get boring. The story takes place in one Sunday afternoon. If you were watched the movie "My dinner with Andre" and liked it, then you should enjoy this as well.  The author interview I found here "Q&A with Amit Chaudhuri, author of Odysseus Abroad, The British Indian author discusses the layers of meaning in his latest novel"  PUBLISHED : Saturday, 21 February, 2015 sold me on the book.  I am very glad I had the chance to read this, new to me, author. This was a delighful treat from the author who is also Professor of Contemporary Literature at the University of East Anglia.
3209 spins spins spins and spins - doesn't accomplish anything - the lettuce is still wet - complete fail - please do not believe any of the 5 star reviews they must be completely bogus. That's $29 I will never see again. Luckily we hadn't thrown out the hand crank one we had for a decade. We got the push down for ergonomic reasons.
3210 Impressive debut. It just wasn't the romance I was looking for. I stopped caring for Beth on page 196 - I wanted to take her calmly aside and say "Beth, you're 38 years old yesterday, time to grow up.". Toni I have one word for "ouch".  That being said this would be an excellent book club choice. The characters are memorable and the story moves along briskly. Having the love story told by Beth made for interesting reading.
3211 Noah and Dash are 7th grad BFFs until Dash's dad dies, a suicide and Dash shuts down emotionally. Noah is hit hard on many levels, loss of Dash and loss of Dash's dad, Noah has two mothers and Dash's dad was a strong adult male figure in his life. On top of that Noah has to deal with the homophobe kid in his class. Noah then makes a huge error in judement and morals that hurts Dash and gets his Bar Mitsvah postponed. Sprinkled with comedy routines and comedians that held no interest to my 12 year old but may to yours.
3212 Nothing more adorable than watching a big grown man build a house with his 5 year old little girl. The memories this set has given our family are priceless.
3213 Set in a town south of Salzburg, a dead woman is found at the bottom of a ravine - tattooed on her body are longitude and latitude leading Det. Beatrice Kaspary and Florin Wenninger to a gruesome find containing further coordinates. The suspense is killer (pardon the pun) and worse the psychopath is texting Kaspary in a game that surprised me in the end. The pacing was a bit slow and the characters a tad one dimensional. Will try the author again as the premise was a winner.
3214 England 1599 during the rule of Queen Elizabeth and Will is no thief or liar. His mother ran for her life from Will's drunk of a father, and Will's drunk of a father sells him for a drink a day. The next sale was sure death as a chimney sweep. So Will runs for his life. Desperation to stay alive leads him to many hard adventures and in the end Will finds a family of his own making.  I was visiting family and brought this along to read with my cousin's 11 year old six grader. I had always loved Mark Twain's 'The Prince and The Pauper' and thought this might fit the bill for us both. Luckily it did. Patrick liked it too :)
3215 I wish there was more to read by this author as I enjoyed this novel tremendously.  The realistic prose is perfect for the story and one paragraph flowed into another.  I didn't want the story to end.  I'd like to call this a romance because it is romantic but it is so much more.  The main character, Renay, is so strong when it is so easy to be weak, she has my total admiration.  She finds a chance at changing her life for the better and grabs at it.  The characters are truly likable and human.  They make mistakes and feel pain.  They find happiness and you feel their joy.  I loved watching the relationship between Renay who is black and Terry who is white develop, grow and change.  Just like any relationship the reader could not predict how they would develop.  The dialogue is wonderfully written and left me racing from page to page.  It didn't put it down until I finished it.  I would love to have more books exploring the dynamics of a mixed couple romance.  Don't miss this book!
3216 If flash-fiction is your thing this book is for you. If stories of taboo or shocking subjects are your groove you will probably enjoy this collection of 26 stories, most are bleak, heartily.  What's not to like? How about "My Boyfriend Del" a romance between a woman and a 9-year-old child. Yeah, just not for me.  "THIS WOMAN HAS A VOICE LIKE WHAT I IMAGINE BUTTERSCOTCH WOULD SOUND LIKE WERE IT NOT THE HARDENED DIARRHEAL TURD I AM CONVINCED IT TO BE." page 171  On the plus side I have not felt so disturbed about the fate of the human race since I read Orwell's '1984'. The world of 'DON'T KISS ME' belongs there.
3217 Summer 1975. It's the Vietnam era and 10-year-old Lemonade 'Lem' Liberty Witt's beloved and awesome mother has died - her only family is her grandfather, who she never met, and he lives in rural northern California (she and her mother lived in San Francisco).  11-year-old Tobin Sky,runs the Bigfoot detective agency, his dad is MIA in Vietnam (having been Tobin's age in that era my heart lurches for him).  The adventures and the story telling are just perfect - best piece of advice when looking for Bigfoot - remember to bring a Twinkie because Big Foot hunting is hungry work.
3218 From New York City, during the Great Depression, to the southern coast of England, Nazis, Lesbian Romance, Reincarnation, ghosts and a murder whodunit - this novel is action packed. The author's writing style is very picturesque. I look forward to her next novel, I think I would have liked this one more if it had less elements, or another 300 pages.
3219 OK, I admit, the author had me at "1938 Hollywood", a favorite era of mine. The story has a strong cast of characters, wonderfully suspenseful, and intensely evocative depiction of place and time (also a little sex, a little romance, cocktails galore and lots of good restaurants!). Terrific payoff ending hooked me.  In the Golden Age of Hollywood movie star Fredric Stahl was born in Vienna, lived in Paris, and has been a film star in Hollywood since 1930 with two Oscar nominations. I picture Charles Boyer - yum!. The suspense really took off for me when Stahl enters Germany heading to Berlin for a film festival.  ** received the book for free through Goodreads First Reads **  New to me author - now I need to order the other 12 in the series. Night Soldiers series (novels set in Europe on the eve of World War II): Night Soldiers (1988) Dark Star (1991) The Polish Officer (1995) The World at Night (1996) Red Gold (1999) Kingdom of Shadows (2000) Blood of Victory (2003) Dark Voyage (2004) The Foreign Correspondent (2006) The Spies of Warsaw (2008) Spies of the Balkans (2010) Mission to Paris (2012) Midnight in Europe (2014)
3220 Making my life totally yum - Really cuts down on the prep time. I can't imagine using another prepared sauce as this comes as close to home made taste as I have experienced. In the last 30 days I have used the sauce on cheese fries, burgers, nachos, broccoli & brussel sprouts, potato skins, and macaroni and cheese:  1 pound of macaroni - cooked almost completely 1 & half cups cheese quarter cup Parmesan cheese (optional) quarter cup Italian Breads crumbs (optional)  Mix the macaroni & cheese completely and stir into a casserole dish (deep or shallow); sprinkle Italian spiced breadcrumbs or Parmesan cheese or a combination of both on top (half a cup). Back at 350 for 45 minutes resulting in crunchy chewy cheesy goodness. fyi - it's a product of Nestle.  We transferred the unused portion of the cheese sauce to a glass container with a plastic lid - not sure how healthy keeping it in the can would be.
3221 Money well spent. The best thing about the book for me was the royalties went to charity. To me that is huge! Authors maybe make a dollar a book for every sold book, so it's not like they can afford to give their hard earned income away.  Ellie Anderson awakes New Year's Day 2012 hung over after 8 vodka & cokes the evening before (maybe switch to rum and diet coke aka a skinny pirate - lol). What made the story real for me are Ellie's parents, who never loved their daughter. We know this because they shut her out of the family because she was gay. Little do they know that they are the filth in the family.  Charlie is her Border Terrier and gives her all the love she needs, however Ellie has to  battle Emily Carson who wants to call Charlie her own, also. The writing just didn't do it for me, I think it is a regional thing so my recommendation would be to read the sample provided and if you enjoyed it you will enjoy the rest of the novel heartily. Want a bit more? Search 'Spotlight Interview: L.T. Smith' .
3222 Unhappily married Stella has a passionate romance with US airman Dan Rosinski. 70 years later Dan is in his 90's, with only weeks to live, and is once again trying to find Stella and writes her a letter. The letter is delivered to a home occupied by Jess, a woman taking refuge from an abusive boyfriend.  I think this novel just had too much drama for me, When they added the character of Will and all his emotional baggage it just got to be too much.
3223 In six months, 13 year old Jack is going to die. Jack finds himself in a hospital with armed guards after collapsing on a busy street. No parents or phones, other kids, bizarre creatures, and no escape.  Professor Bhegad at the island academy knows what's killing him, a genetic trait inherited from the prince of the lost city of ATLANTIS that sank when seven magic Loculi were stolen and hidden around the world.  Jack and his friends Marco, Ally & Cass must find the Loculi or never be cured. The lost world is rising, oceans will be displaced, and life as Jack knows will end. It's destroying Jack by making him too strong - too fast to save the world! So very glad I tried it, will get the rest as gift if the kids ask me. Book 1 in a seven book adventure. 360 pages.
3224 Adapted from the movie by author Jim Thomas and illustrated by Kim Smith. Perfect for ages 3 to 7 to be read to or read themselves for the older reader. It will leave plenty of surprises for the film viewer once they are old enough to understand the more tense aspects of the story that are not included here. I got a total kick out of reading to 5 year old and then having our 7 year old read it. I loved the rich colors this is a quality produced book.
3225 Libby Moran, went to stay with her mother after the sudden death of her husband. Two years later her eccentric Aunt Jean offers Libby a job and a place to live on her GOAT farm in the Texas Hill Country.  Aunt Jean turns out to be exactly what Libby and her kids needed.  O'Connor is the shaggy and farm manager who Liby gives a terrific nickname to.  Sunshine, works in the feed store, I think I liked her most of all, she certainly got more than her share of bad breaks.  I took off 1 star because I just didn't like Libby all that much, the argument with her husband the day he died? And other little things just built up. I took off another star because of smelly Chewbacca, I can't see Libby ever getting close to form a a friendship let alone a romance. I'd take another star off for the lame tale of woe regarding Chewie and his wife but the story really was ok. I'd take another star off for the marshmallows, but I already took one off for Libby.
3226 in winter the cats adore curling up on these especially in morning and late afternoon when they can no longer soak up the sun - a must - would like to get 4 more for two more rooms.
3227 The first in a trilogy, in an alternate history world set in 2013 `abnorms', with abilities significantly greater than other humans, began being born in 1980, technology is more advanced.  The government fears them and have put in place schools to train `abnorms' to suppress their abilities and eliminate their potential.  Nick is divorced with two children and his young daughter is an abnorm.  Nick, is a powerful abnorm working for the government by hunting terrorist `abnorms' who, in their fight for `abnorm' civil rights have crashed the stock market and resorted to violence against the government. They also launched a full scale attack on Washington DC and their leader John Smith is planning more.  Nick goes undercover in a terrorist `abnorm' cell. While there, he is seduced to the dark side of the force; or maybe it isn't the dark side at all. Maybe the government is the evil doer.  While the storyline offers nothing outstandingly new or innovative, the people and their depiction make this a worthy read.
3228 The horror that, only 70 years ago, was the Holocaust - what the German's called "The Final Solution". This is a true story populated by a fictional character, 11 year old Aron. Like 265,000 actual people, Aron and his family were thrown in the Polish city of Warsaw, imprisoned in a ghetto (with no possibility for survival) by the German people's ruling party, the Nazi government. Simply because they were Jewish they were condemned to die: specifically 100 people pushed in each cattle car on a train, 5,000+ people every day, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. In this searingly real novel we see through Aron's eyes his life in the ghetto in all it's bravery and betrayal, starvation & filth, comedy and chaos, Love & Loss.
3229 160 years ago America and Ireland were feudal societies where the landowners could do anything they wanted with those who worked their land (the abuse was horrific). The Irish were lucky in that they had an option to flee, the African american slaves were chained to their fate figuratively or literally - this novel shines a light on this time of great despair. The debut author tells a story of two young women, Irish immigrant and African american slave how they come to meet in Maryland, one of the 13 original United States, 12 years before the the first shot is fired in the Civil War. There are many titles to choose from that touch on this time in history, each gives it's own perspective. This is a tough subject for a first time novelist and one I was pleased to read.
3230 It's a very substantial and impressive office chair. The delivery man came with it to my door tied down on a pallet (which he luckily took with him because he was headed to a delivery site that accepted them). It actually wasn't horrendously heavy (less than 100 pounds) and I was able to shimmy it into a corner until I could find help putting it together. Once that was accomplished it was fun getting to the height (perfect for anyone 5'7 and taller) and depth I found most comfortable. As currently price I think it is a bargain compared to big box stores and the versatility is great. Just keep in mind it does tend to overwhelm my small office but the comfort makes up for that. I think the best application is for those who may tend to weigh 250 to 350 pounds.
3231 It's 1941 an 15 year old Kalinka has witnessed the murder of her family by the Nazi pogrom, because her family is Jewish.  Max should be thinking of retirement, he has been caretaker of a Ukrainian nature preserve all his life, created by a German baron, almost completely destroyed during World War I (1914-1919) and now the Nazis have invaded. In the preserve are a breed of wild horse that date back tens of thousands of years. Max harbors Kalinka and she bonds with the horses like young Velvet Brown once did with The Pie to win the Grand National. The Nazi commander has ordered Max to slaughter all the horses. This will make the breed extinct and Max needs to decide that he can do. Max sends Kalinks, the 2 rarest horses along wih a Russian wolfhound over the steppes, where they encounter danger and threat of death again and again and again, in hopes of reaching safety.  The 12 year old in the family loved it.  Possible Spoiler -  The preserve is an actual place and the horses exist there today.
3232 If my money can go to something made in the USA and my dog scarfs it down you know I will pay a couple extra dollars. In an email I received from Natural Balance Pet Foods (in response to my question), "Our Delectable Delights Stews are made in Thailand by a state of the art US FDA approved plant."  Also "Please also know that Natural Balance tests every lot of our products for nine potential contaminants that have been implicated in pet food recalls in the past. In a Test and Hold Program, our products are held in the warehouse and not available for sale until all the tests for those products come back with a passing result. We enter the results on our website so that you can view the results for your product. Go to the NBPF and follow the instructions about entering product name and date code to view the testing report for you product. Also please review the video on that page that describes our lab and testing."  The final report comes from our 15 year old, ten pound, miniature fox terrier - when the the dish was empty, in less than 2 minutes, she was begging for more (bad dog!). I only had the one 8 ounce stew so I don't know if she would have tired of it after a couple weeks.
3233 Historical Fiction written by the daughter of Malcolm X, stretching from 1930's depression era Omaha, Nebraska where he was born; to the Detroit suburbs of Flint & Lansing; to the Boston suburb of Roxbury; ultimately to Harlem, NYC ; from childhood to prison while still a young adult.  Definitely a dinner table discussion book for it's raw honesty, speech (using the N-word), witnessing a lynched man, extreme poverty, a murdered father and depressed mother, drugs, pervasive racism including his white lover not wanting to be seen with him and a teacher telling him to curtail his ambitions. The author notes/FAQs might even be worth reading before the book to give background to who this man was.  I was riveted and want to read more. You might enjoy a 2 minute video on youtube "Candlewick's Five Questions (Plus One) with Ilyasah Shabazz", or a 30 minute radio interview at Publisher's Weekly "PW Radio 104: Ilyasah Shabazz " or short Q&A article "Interview: Ilyasah Shabazz and Kekla Magoon on their YA Novel About Teenage Malcolm X".  FYI the author has also plished a children's book about her father " "Malcolm Little: The Boy Who Grew Up to Become Malcolm X," and a memoir "Growing up X" that closes in 1997 with the involuntary manslaughter death of her mother.
3234 Perfect fit for my new healthy lifestyle. Organic (which this is 100%) is not my priority. Purity and simple is (which this is 100%). I treat myself once a day in the evening. It gives me the taste of chocolate I crave and allows me to go to sleep and stay asleep without a growling stomache. This is my favorite flavour in this line of foods and really helps me stay with my healthier direction in life.
3235 The cover kind of creeped me out but our 14 year said it was cool.  The story is a followup to Ancient Appetites, again following Nate who is now head of the security detail guarding the most powerful man in the land, and is also his brother.  Ancient Appetites (2007), is a steam-punk story set in 1800's Ireland, is the 1st Wildenstern Saga: Murder, betrayal, and power,  welcome to the Wildenstern empire. The slow collapse of the British Empire in the nineteenth century meant opportunity for anyone with ammunition and wit. Now the Wildensterns are by far the most powerful familyand the most ruthless. Trained from childhood in the arts of assassination and conspiracy and endowed with the supernatural ability to live for more than a century, the clan has grown rich, vicious, and seemingly invincible. After nearly two years away, eighteen-year-old Nate has returned. But his homecoming is shattered when his eldest brother, Marcus, is mysteriously killed. Following the Rules of Ascension, which allow one male family member to murder another, Nate is being blamed. Nate knows he isn't the murderer, but who is? With the help of his sister-in-law, Daisy, and his cousin Gerald, Nate intends to find out. Their investigation brings them into the underbelly of the Wildenstern empire, where living machines, conspiring relatives, and undercover mercenaries do their dirty work. But when a disaster uncovers the ancient remains of Wildenstern ancestors, the lives of the family members and their struggle for power will take a bizarre and gruesome turn.  The Wisdom of Dead Men, originally published in 2009. Merciless Reason was released in 2012.
3236 With vividly colorful cut-paper collages holding our interest.  The fun takes place from 6am to 7am.  A boy and his cat are sleeping as a mouse eats a cookie nearby.  Over the next hour the mouse, the cat, a dog, a dogcatcher, a bank robber, the police, a produce guy and a box of banannas are something right out of the Barbra Streisand movie What's Up, Doc?, in other words - hilarious.  A digital clock shows the time passing as you turn each page.  fyi - the 8 year old got a kick out of reading it to the 3 younger ones in the family.
3237 I enjoyed this novel alot!  Jaie is one of the most complex characters I have read in the last year. I liked getting to know her very much.  This is much more than a romance, it the the story of her coming to maturity by dealing with her past, present and future.  Jaie has immense fortitude. Her coming to realize that Terez is the best thing to come her way in years is a joy to watch as is unfolds. I especially enoyed listening to her analyse herself, the people around her and events that take place.  Also, having gone to a local Philadelphia university the setting brought back wonderful memories.  From the publisher's website - Twenty-eight-year-old Ph. D. candidate, Jaie Baxter, is supremely confident about three things: She will become a noted writer. She'll win the prestigious Adamson Prize. And she can have any woman who grabs her attention.  Jaie's arrogance begins to slip away however, the day she meets Terez Overton, a woman whose ethnicity matches hers, but whose background is the exact opposite. Jaie's confidence vanishes completely with the arrival of a scheming ex-lover, Seneca Wilson, who re-enters the picture armed with the nightmarish recollections of an unsolved murder and threatening to hold all of Jaie's future happiness hostage. How will Jaie deal with her past's truths and their spirit-breaking power?
3238 "Hollywood" caught my eye, "swanky retreat in Northern California" kept me interested, wondering how the author could make a character like "Luke Dawson lives off the grid, preferring solitude to society" work led me to order the book. Turns out lots of sex - lol. More plot and character development would have made it better.  "Misadventures is a romantic series comprised of standalone novels, each written or co-written by authors selectively chosen by Waterhouses founder, author Meredith Wild, based on works shes read and loved. The series concept was originally inspired by a casual co-writing project that Wild undertook with an author frienda low-pressure, high-steam romance that they could pen between their other more heavily plot-driven novels. As authors, we work incredibly hard on our stories, and the process can be an intense and often stressful undertaking, Wild says. With Misadventures, keep it fun is the driving philosophy. The resulting stories have been scandalous, refreshing, and, of course, incredibly sexy. Theyre the perfect bedside read, a quick blush for the reader who loves a page-turning romance."
3239 50 year old Frances Conway is a secretary for the U.S. Navy in San Francisco. The navy recruits her for an espionage mission, she is up for it and finds herself  married to a handsome young naval officer. Life is no honeymoon, in every way, on the Galapagos Islands: gorgeous scenery but privations are an every day thing. Amend's Frances is first generation American, her Jewish immigrant family living in Duluth circa 1900. She and her best friend Rosalie run from the poverty when they are 15 and make new, separate, lives.  In the novel Frances grows to lover her husband even though she is not clued by the Navy and her new spouse to all the secrets involved in the mission, each revelation we get to know her better.  I enjoyed it so much I ordered the real life Conway's books&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-ENCHANTED-ISLANDS/dp/B000XTGZIY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE ENCHANTED ISLANDS.</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Return-to-the-Island/dp/B0000CI8IF/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Return to the Island</a>  You can find an excerpt prepublication at the publisher website:penguin random house/books/237704/enchanted-islands-by-allison-amend/9780385539067/
3240 stretching from the end of the Civil War ('the war of northern aggression' as it was known in the Confederacy) to the end of WWI, lasting 3 generations in a family focusing on matriarch Adeline, a Civil War widow. In her household is her daughter, her son-in-law, and her 2 granddaughters (who we see grown from school age to young women with careers). Just as central to the novel are the workers on the farm, some are ex-slaves who have become property owners while also working a second job on Addy's farm and home. The friendship between Addy's granddaughter Anna and Nessie (the granddaughter of former slaves) is so evocatively told I wish it were real.  Don't expect any punches to be pulled. This novel tells the story of the period in all it's bigotry and racism with equal amounts of love and beauty.  Having always enjoyed this author's novels I was expecting a lot of good things. What I wasn't expecting was the seat of my pants suspense. There is imminent danger or a feeling of dread for the characters throughout the novel. I would recommend this to any reader, especially those who enjoy historical fiction, women's liberation or stories centered around family or small town life. This novel has it all so succinctly, and tightly told, - my hat is off to the editor. About the only thing I found wanting was the truth about the father's actions toward his wife and daughters, to say more here would give part of the story away and I would not want that.  This is a keeper and rightfully deserves to be on all the end of year best general fiction book award lists.
3241 a powerful novel told in verse. Josh Bell aka 'Filthy McNasty' is a seventh grader whose dad had a successful career playing basketball in Europe. Josh is a dreadlocked Walter Mitty who envisions an even bigger career for himself and his trash talking twin Jordan aka JB. Their mother is an educator (in fact she is the school principal) and ensures that they get good grades in case their basketball career also becomes filthy mcnasty. Their parents are loving to each other and engaged with Josh & JB. The story packs a one two punch that leaves the reader and the family gasping. Beautifully written by poet Kwame Alexander.  My seventh and 4th graders both loved it. Want to read an author interview? Search "Author Interview Kwame Alexander The Crossover by Jake Aron"
3242 The Horror that takes place in this short novel is beyond thinking. Gruesome. However, if you enjoy a compelling tale with where sadistic torture of innocent loved ones is told in convulsing detail this is the novel you have been waiting for. I read it because I wanted to see who made it out alive.  If the author turns to the non-horror genre I will snap up any of his titles.
3243 So I was delighted to order this profile of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. It is chock full of tidbits as I had hoped.  It wasn't as in-depth as I thought it would be - I think it will be a terrific introduction to this wildcat of a business man who lobbied his way to a fortune ($8 Billion) in the communications business then in 1994 officially entered politics, eventually becoming leader of Italy 3 times (2008 - 2011; 2001 - 2006; 1994 - 1995) until a tax fraud conviction ended his political career but didn't send him to prison.  The author has spent almost 10 years in Italy so he had a front row seat. I think another 100 pages would have been entertaining and it couldn't possibly be boring. Maybe Sylvia Poggioli might take a stab at a book of Italian politics from 2000-2015 - I'd taken a listen to that audio book.
3244 True story:  fitness guru `Body by Jake' and 30 year old former Princeton University lacrosse standout Dave Morrow, together with money man Tim Robertson created Major League Lacrosse (now in its 12th season. From 1998 to 2001 obstacles, setbacks, crisis and chaos makes it seem a longshot.  I got it first for my soon to be 17 year old nephew who is an avid lacrosse player. He's also looking at colleges and this seemed a good choice to blend his interest in the sport with how it factors into a business. At 185 pages you don't get a lot of detail - more on the infrastructure of building the league, finance, team owners, players, community involvement would have made this a 5 star book.  It was a very entertaining read of the don'ts and do's of starting your own business on a national scale.
3245 Set in Minneapolis Minnesota. Thinking this was a romance the opening chapter was too horrendously embarrassing (if pretty much unbelievable). I laughed and cringed at the same time. And all I could think was 'what an idiot'. Which led me feeling like a judgmental jerk *sigh*. Reading further I realized this isn't a romance but rather a terrific work of comedic general fiction.  Allura Satou (Irish as well as Japanese)and Shiloh Liebermann go on a date. They had checked each other out at a yoga class and again at a poetry reading, then a friend of Shiloh's bumps into Allura and gives Allura Shiloh's number. Allura goes to Shiloh's home to pick her up and both women are in for a surprise.  The date ended up being perfect: "Conversation was scarily easy with Shiloh. So was the laughter. I didn't expect this amount of emotion, of nervous joy and expectation, with Shiloh." Things are going swimmingly until devout Shiloh meets Allura's paganism and beliefs become a deal breaker. You can't even imagine what happens next. We get to meet and be part of Allura's awesome family Dad, Mom, sisters and brother. It made me want to see my family right then and there.  Very nice debut effort. Will get the next book out by this author.
3246 The novel unfolds in four reveals. On the Upper West side of Manhattan, New York City, 11 year old daughter and 15 year old son of a philanderer open a package intended for their mother containing their father's steamy correspondence with his girlfriend - yeah a big ewwwwwww!  Where it missed the mark for me was the drama - the oomph! If the family had felt rock solid this would have been a wow! But it wasn't, the family was not rock solid so kicking his philandering butt to the curb would have felt so much more satisfying to this reader then what unfolded.  Then part Two flashed forward to the where are they now. While part Three flashes back to where part one ended.  The kicker was finding out that the father was previously married and the mother/now wife knowingly had an affair with him while he was married - lol - surprise - what goes around comes around.
3247 This is a totally intense story in the I Found My Heart in San Francisco series. I was completely delighted to see this novel in print (and with another great cover).  Excellent writing, perfectly paced plot, lovable characters, as well as characters you can come to loathe.  In addition to a great plot the humor is laugh out loud funny. The author, who I thought was perfection in her other novels, All That  Matters, Cherry Grove and Arbor Vitea just keeps surprising me with one hit novel after another.  The two main characters, Jamie and Ryan, are as endearing as ever - as well as passionate and very sexy. In addition, their extended family and group of friends are endlessly interesting.  The author explores them thoroughly so that the reader gets to know them as well as we do to Jamie and Ryan.  I couldn't want more (already looking forward to re-reading it)and yet I am clamoring for the next novel in this series.  This is a Keeper!  Don't miss the other novels in this great series:  Awakenings Beginnings Coalescence Disclosures Entwined Fidelity Getaway
3248 Very well written and sexy romance.  Dorian is a well rounded, well adjusted person with a great sense of humor who has a good career as a civil engineer and fun group of co-workers. She meets 7 year old Abby while at a neighborhood job site and thru Abby her mother Lorraine whose partner Tess died when Abby was a baby.  Dorian was previously burned in a relationship with Gina but is open to a new relationship with Abby.  The chemistry between the three is a delight.  One of my favorite characters is Mia who works in the same company as Dorian and is totally her own person.  This is one of the most realistic romances I have read - the plotting was well written and the characters actions believable. I found this a very true to life story.  I love how the threads are resolved and only wish there was another 50 pages to see what the future holds.  Don't miss this feel good romance - it's just right!  from the publisher's website - It was hard to understand why a woman as attractive and likable as successful civil engineer Dorian Sandler would still be living single. Her friends think it's because she's clueless when it comes to picking up on the romantic signals women were always sending her way. But in reality, Dorian has yet to recover from a disastrous relationship that left her numb and empty inside.  Enter Lorraine Niles, a beautiful single mom with just the right tools to break down the wall around Dorian's heart. With Lorraine taking the lead, their friendship grows to intense passion, and Dorian begins to fall in love. But, by finally letting down her defenses, is she opening herself up to a devastating betrayal?
3249 Not a boring moment in this short fast paced erotic novel. Gillian is a very Merry Widow with 2 young children and a viper of a mother in law. Her husband, the father of the children, Derrick, is dead. Derrick was a lawyer and Gillian was his secretary, they fell in love and married. Gillian fell out of love and he died which is where the novel opens. To tell more would give the plot away. I liked Sam very much, Gillian not so much, maybe another 50 or so pages would have given me more to like about her.
3250 Mystery, humor, danger & adventure, 12 year old Alex has a way cool mom who is an Egyptologist at the Metropolitan Museum of Art which is way cool because he also loves everything ancient Egypt.  Renata, aka Ren, is his BFF.  In a series of incredible events his life long ill health becomes terminal, his physicians declare him dead, only for Alex to revive with the health of Hercules. Then things go to Hades when his mom disappears (maybe it her using the 'Lost Spells of the Egyptian Book of the Dead' to bring her son back?) and it is up to Alex and Ren to outwit and overcome 5 Death Walkers (and Scorpions!) to rescue her. Plenty of drama for all readers and action for those that thrive on it  My 9 year old and 12 year old thought it was great and are already asking to get the next adventure in the 5 book series when it comes out in May (also releasing at the same time in Canada, the U.K., Australia, and New Zealand).  The publisher is also releasing a tie-in interactive online game where players design interactive tomb mazes with traps, monsters, and treasure, then they can invite their friends to enter the tomb and try to get to the end of the maze. There are "hieroglyphics, wordplay, puzzles, and clues integrated within the books" that relate back to the online game. I understand there is also a Scholastic moderated online forum.
3251 The beans are a 5; the cans are a zero; We ordered another brands of refried beans and they arrived together in the same box - the other brand had no dents so I can't blame Amazon or the shipper.  Black beans, water, sea salt. that's it and that's all I wanted. I need simple ingredients in my cooking. If I want lard or spices I will add them. I am not crazy about Black beans for some reason but refried beans I can make into several tasty dishes. I order a case of 12 every 3 months and they are delivered to my door. Perfect.  The company was founded in 1885 out of a general store in the Dakota territory according to their website: "We utilize sustainable and healthy farming practices when producing our organic items, and our formulation guidelines for natural products remains strict. We are committed to incorporating only the finest ingredients from trusted sources worldwide into our products.  Quality, consistency, affordability continue to be the cornerstone elements of our business."
3252 The daily give and take, back door deals and vote for my legislation and I'll vote for yours of politics is perfectly depicted.  Glynn Wright is in her early forties and is an eleven year veteran of Capital Hill who took her husbands Republican seat when died suddenly. In addition to the machinations of her fellow congressmen she is battling breast cancer and the suicide attempt of her young son.  Thirty-nine year old Psychiatrist Charlotte Blue has been in her current practice six years and briefly treats Glynn's son before admitting him to a treatment center.  What transpires is a deep and lovely friendship full of caring that develops into so much more until Glynn's life becomes a headline.  This is a fast paced novel that kept me reading from the first chapter eagerly wanting to know where the story would take me.  Laugh out loud moments tickle you and keep you on your toes.  If you like this novel don't miss the author's other titles - Worth Every Step Without Warning & Aftershock Mulligan The House on Sandstone
3253 Cape Town Homicide Detective Benny Griessel, is a recovering alcoholic clinging to sobriety, his girlfriend Alexa has a chance to get her singing career going again when her anxiety sends her spiraling on a drunk (isn't that enough for one man to handle?).  Bennie is newly assigned to the elite "Hawk" squad, and all the familiar characters (including the diligent captain Mbali Kaleni and her intuitive skills) are back. Now he is working on a case where a cop is killed each day and won't end until a cold case is solved. Bennie has the media demanding the crimes be solved, at the same time dealing with corruption that may deliberately hinder the investigation.  Writing is exceptional and fast paced, characterization vibrant and plotting brilliantly filled with clues that kept me guessing.  The South African locale is exotic, vivid and fascinating to this American reader. He has authored 7 crime novels that I have now ordered.
3254 A great read with character growth, plot development, suspense and surprises. It really is that good. 18 year old Chloe is happy in her relationship with her boyfriend and she wants the same for her older sister Ivy, who is autistic. So she sets her up on a date with Ethan, a boy in Ivys special needs class. Chloe meets Ethans brother on the first date and turns out he is David who she loathes, and so do we because he is such a jerk in Chloe's class.  Ages 16 and up.
3255 Junior Bender is a Los Angeles burglar who has never been busted by the police.  He broke into the business (and houses) 22 years ago at age fourteen.  Little Elvises is wonderfully original, wraping spot on humor around a Los Angeles noir novel, and doing it flawlessly.  Junior debuted in CRASH where he was setup and blackmailed by Ms. Trey Annunziato, the colder than ice daughter of the most powerful crime boss. Introduced along the way is his 12 year old daughter, Rina and sidekick 'Louie the Lost' (not the best name for a getaway driver - lol).  Looking forward to the next Junior Bender in July 2013.  Keeper
3256 But I found a new must read author. The first 100 pages where a breathless read, I simply could not put the book down the writing was so compelling. However by the end of the book I felt used. One thing is certain, man's inhumanity to man is as fresh and present as it ever was 2000 or 200 years ago.  "In the aftermath of Charles Taylor's fallen regime, a young Liberian woman named Jacqueline has fled to the Aegean island of Santorini. She lives in a cave accessible only at low tide. During the day, she offers massages to tourists, battling her hunger one or two euros at a time. Her pressing physical needs provide a deeper relief, obliterating her memories of unspeakable violence. But slowly, the specters of her former life resurface: her adoring younger sister; her unshakably proper mother; her father, who believed in his president; her journalist lover, who knew that Taylor would be overthrown. Now Jacqueline must face the ghosts that haunt her--or tip into full-blown madness. Hypnotic in its depiction of physical and spiritual hungers, this is a novel about ruin, faith, and the devastating memories can destroy and redeem us." ~ from the author's homepage
3257 As a child, a Catholic post Vatican 2, I could never understand why Passover was such an important part of our catechism, so integral to huge events in both the old and new testaments of the Bible, so key to the story of Jesus - yet we didn't observe it.  This book is for those Christians who haven't reached that question. Jesus experienced a traditional Passover Seder guided by the blessings and rituals Jews have practiced for three thousand years. The stories and interpretations he heard are ones still taught at Jewish Passover Seders today. In this book you are invited to experience the real thing.  Maybe our new Pope Francis feels the same.  One fascinating tidbit from the book is that the last supper was a Passover meal but not a seder. The seder, with its precise order and ritual foods observed today, was not finalized until after the destruction of the Jerusalem Temple in 70 AD/CE.
3258 Oh how I love you, let me count the 353 ways - I have been waiting over 10 years for this epic love story to be published and it arrived in my hot little hands last week. Dreamy writing to go along with this fabulous story. The author submerges you in the reading of these characters and those they live among, they feel real to the reader on a deep level.  Keeper!
3259 Beautiful evocative and masterful prose makes this a keeper and a must read. Starting as an intern for the Shreveport Times and educated at Grambling State, by age 25 he was working at the New York Times. We learn about his strong mother who raised 5 children while plucking poultry to put a roof over their head, food on the table and clothes on their back and not much else. *SPOILER ALERT* his horrendous catalyst out was being sexually molested by a relative. You can feel for him as the hazing at college as a fraternity pledge had the potential to send him over the edge.
3260 I just couldn't like this novel and I really thought I would after reading WHAT WE KEEP, published 1998, last year.  In fact the two books prose is so different you would think it was written by a co-author.  The premise was unbelievable. Example,a surgeon Living in a group home to make the rent? Another woman put her home on the market and it sells in one day? In this economy?  The one character who I felt was real and entertaining was Renie, a young lesbian.  The road trip was fun, believable, and the days revolving on where and when to stop for food were spot on.  It just didn't seem ready for prime time. Maybe cable?
3261 Missing the Oregon Series but having my BFF live outside Denver I was eager to try this new romance and evoke some fabulous memories. I highly encourage everyone to visit Colorado - there is so much to do (skiing, hiking, site seeing) and not to do (dining, hot springs, epic views from hotels).  Anyway, to the romance.for the most part a very believable story of neurosurgeon Dr. Maggie Sullivan hitting a very rough patch in her career (malpractice) and in home life (miscarriage) . She retreats to her family owned camp site for some much need R&R with her dad. And then her Dad has a heart attack, luckily for the good doctor it is always darkest before the down and good things are headed her way - in this case taking the form of Cal who is at a crossroads himself.  Disappointingly to me Cal and Maggie never came to life, for me, as people or a couple - bummer.
3262 This is one of my favorite books in the last year.  I highly recommend it to all my friends. The story is entertaining and original. The characters are well developed. There isn't one thing about this novel that I didn't like. The dialogue is fabulous and funny.  The story is told by Julia who is surrounded by people who are just a tad bit off kilter. One of the things I liked the most was that under all the silliness and outrageous behavior you can feel the love that friends and family have for each other.  Every page is filled with some silliness or biting insight. Julia and her friends Anne and Tricia (who is also Julia's law partner). Julie and her (hysterically funny) mother and (stereotypical) brother. Julia and her ex-Jean (LOL storyline there) and Julia with new love interest Claire.  Wonderful ending.  This is a Keeper!
3263 The novel opens on Hark Hill Plantation with the hanging of the slave Frannie Crow.  Fash forward to 1972 and Mudas "Muddy" Summers' 17th birthday, she lives with her lawyer father because her mom remarried to a thug.  Ella, her mother, is found dead, hanging from the rafters of their home. Muddy's baby sister sitting at her feet. yeah. Was it a suicidal escape from her abusive husband, Tommy Whitlock? Tommy turns up dead next, so more questions.  Muddy saw her mom arguing with, Roy McGee, the day she died.  Then there is town big shot Harper who enjoys nothing more than tormenting Bobby Marshall, Mudas' BFF, who has his own secret.  Bobby's ancestor was Frannie Crow. Knowledge of this would change his life because even though his skin is white his neighbors would ostracize him as a decedent of black person.  Creepily, there is a seat in the town square, Liar's Bench,  built from the wood of the gallows used to lynch Frannie.  Both are eras this country should not be longing for.
3264 Soft to the touch. Our college senior says Izod is "true to size" and fits as expected - he is both tall 6'3" and big. 60% Cotton, 40% Polyester made in India. comes out of the dryer wrinkle free - as long as you don't leave it in there after it shuts off, lol. There are only 3 brands worth buying: Lacoste, Lauren and Izod.
3265 It's very real and exists in all 50 'united states of fox news' where the only thing to fear is everything new or different. *sigh* This debut author does a terrific job showing and telling the daily life - I was hooked by the first chapter. Please do take a moment to read the sample.  Teachers should be wholesome and good examples for the children they teach. A vague rumor about a slightly effeminate teacher at Baxter Elementary shouldn't lead to a mob of angry parents demanding his removal.  Victoria is a 10 year teaching veteran and a teacher of 9 year olds in the fourth grade at Baxter for 5 years. She adores teaching young minds so is forced to shut off any and all personal contact with adults at the school for fear of losing her career. That doesn't prevent her from having a passionate love life.  27 year old Jessica is the new hire first-year teacher. Sweet, kind, eager to open young minds to learning. Everything is BAU until a parent targets Jessica and Victoria must decide if taking a stand is best for everyone. This is an in-depth view into the life at school from an adult perspective. The last page is open ended (however the author has completed writing a second book on Jessica & Victoria.
3266 1945 told in alternating perspectives, and know up front that it doesn't end well for everyone. 4 people hoping to escape the advancing Soviet army and a one way ticket to Siberia: Joana is a Lithuanian nurse, Emilia is Polish, Florian is Prussian, and Alfred is German soldier who is still drinking in the Nazi propaganda.  New to me author with 2 exceptional titles already published. Our 14 year old did not want to put the book down.  Entertainment Weekly website has a substantial excerpt, posted since 9/16, that you can read now by searching "excerpt-salt-sea-ruta-sepetys"
3267 40 year old aspiring Olympic hopeful Brett Andreson suffers horrible injuries due to recklessly drinking and getting on the slopes to have some fun.  Two years later her dying mother contacts Brett's former lover, 34 year old Taylor Aronson who is a world famous Physical Therapist.  Six years earlier Taylor lacked the trust to believe her new lover Brett had turned over a new leaf and had left her playgirl ways behind.  Taylor abruptly leaves a devastated Brett without allowing Brett to explain her fidelity.  Neither woman has moved on emotionally and this is their story.  This was a fun quick read set against the gorgeous backdrop of Boulder Colorado.  It has stunningly beautiful and elegant women in Brett and Taylor and passionate emotions to satisfy the reader.  Don't miss the author's other standout novels - Family Love, Hawaiian Love, Real Love, Love Times Four, A Love Not Lost, Lucky in Love, Wise Love.
3268 I loved it - Kate DiCamillo has written two of my favorites  The Tale of Despereaux, which was awarded the Newbery Medal and "Because of Winn-Dixie", a Newbery Honor book.  My 8 year old read it and then read it to my 6 year old, and my 3 & 4 year who loved the mad cap story. My 12 year old was too old to enjoy it but even he flipped through the comic book like graphics.  Ten year old Flora is a terrific character, with alot to deal with, mostly her parents recent divorce:  her mother Phyllis is trying to make a go of it as a published author Her neighbor, Tootie Tickham Ulysses the Super-Suction, Multi-Terrain 2000X vacuum who delivers the poet squirrel, so named by Flora, 'Ulysses' William Spiver, Tootie's blind nephew George, Flora's Dad who should have full custody, in my opinion, after Phyllis orders them to use a shovel to dispose of Ulysses - boo hiss!  one thought - Phyllis' electric typewriter (um they still exist?)
3269 This could have been awesome, until it bogged down into a reality romance *sigh*. I was a summer paid intern on Capitol Hill back in 1982 and I was really looking forward to reading about the job and the c-workers and the life, but this just faded into the background. Bummer.
3270 This series hits it's stride in this novel - there are even fabulous side characters with interesting stories to tell.  I did not want to put this book down until finished. This was well paced and very believeable.  Also look for the Bold Strokes Books edition published October 2004.  This is a Keeper !  Don't miss any of the novels in the series -  Above All, Honor Honor Bound Love & Honor Honor Guards Honor Reclaimed
3271 Heartwarming story that is ideal for this generation. How do you explain dementia (in all its forms and variables), to a child?  I read this 32 page story to my little ones age 4, 5, 6 & 8.  I think only the 8 yearold absorbed it but the story kept the interest of the younger ones and lots of questions were asked.  It's perfectly illustrated showing how she and her Grandpa would dance together ever since she could walk. One day Grandpa starts forgetting small things which progresses to him forgetting most things.  I think this story makes this very scary thing for everyone involved less scary for our little ones. I hope that is this tragic illness strikes someone in our family the kids won't be so freaked out, it will be part of their knowledge base and enable them to deal with it as well as question it more easily.  Good job!
3272 The best book club novel I have read in a long time. In every chapter there is a new reveal or decision that left me sucked into the life of the Parsons family. The beginning, middle, and end all left me thinking for days about the people: anger at some, sorrow at others, and many times anger and sorrow at the same person. I want to go on and on in this review about many of the characters and what they did, what they experienced; but truly anything I say will harm the reveal. I am so glad  I got sucked into reading this story based on my having to know what happened to Bette and Alice. The organic and logical turns the story takes many times came as a WOW! surprise and seemed so right and fitting. I have lived in The Pacific Northwest for over 5 years and the author is spot on in her depiction of the place and the people. There is nothing romantic about this story so the Eat Pray Love crowd should just move. This is a look at the very poor decisions that are made and the emotionally horrid things people can do, many times against their own wishes for themselves, but are compelled to do nonetheless.
3273 I have been a fan of the author since listening to him read from his short story "Jesus is my BFF" at the Sailnts and Sinner's event in New Orleans in 2010 you can find the story in this collection&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Saints-Sinners-2010-New-Fiction-from-the-Festival/dp/1608640353/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Saints + Sinners 2010: New Fiction from the Festival</a>.  This is a terrific collection of 4 stories roughly 70 pages each. All are set in the small southern town in South Carolina. As I read each story I kept thinking this is my favorite, then no, this, is my favorite they all ended being my favorite.  I loved Sandra the widow obsessed with TV evangelist Shep Waters.  The opening story is set in the heavily segregated racist depression era of the 1930's, George Butcher, a baker and ex-con enters the open to white's only 'Mystic White Flour' baking contest in Atlanta Georgia, the hitch is he is black.  Being Gay is not a cause for public spectacle until blue collar mechanic Lonnie Flowers meets white collar florist M.R. Vale.  In another story, sisters Freddie and Jewel, are merry widows, repeatedly married to rich men and repeatedly widowed enriching them, so what do they do when a pregnant unwed young woman enters their life.
3274 Back in the 1800's four families founded Niceville in the Southern United States and it's now 15,000 resident town.  Nothing Nice happens in Niceville. Crater Sink, feared by the residents, is located on the cliff looming over the town.  Years ago a young girl, pregnant, is sent to an insane asylum, does it have anything to do with all the kidnappings through the years?  The cast of characters (I put together while reading) * Nick Kavanaugh, ex-military police officer * Kate Walker Kavanaugh, lawyer and founding family descendant * Dillon Walker, Kate's father, * Beth Deitz,  Kate Walker Kavanaugh sister, * Byron Deitz, head of Securicom, married to Kate's sister, Beth. * Rainey Teague, ten-year-old, adopted son of Sylvia Teague, disappears while looking in a mirror outside a store * Sylvia Teague, commits suicide by jumping into Crater Sink Plus - * Beau, Nick Kavanaugh's buddy * Brandy, sharp fanged, knife wielding Goth * Coker, the cop murdering bank robber * Danziger, Coker's accomplice * Merle, Coker's  other accomplice * Delia who disappears never to be seen again * Gray the gardener disappears with Delia * Glynis and her sister, town ghosts * Tony, the town two legged snake * Mildred Pierce the 50-pound hybrid cat (maine-coon) Throw in: 1. Bank VP on hallucinogenics 2. bizarre happenings 3. brutal bad guys 4. Cowboys and Indians 5. crooked cops 6. cyber-crime 7. Gory horrific violence 8. internet perverts 9. psychopaths 10. PTSD Marines 11. Special Forces veterans 12. the FBI  and you have a Rollercoaster Thrill ride that may be more than you expected.
3275 The real deal. 3x5-Inch and thick. Made in the USA.
3276 This was a perfect read at the beach novel. It's too short for any character development.  It has romance, anger, deceit, a crime, a hospital scene and sex. A well written story and a real page turner.
3277 I super impressive list of American super achievers of the last 40 years. Nothing in depth rather a collection of reflections and storytelling, kinda like a really good issue of Reader's Digest. I put a star next to the stories that I have read and enjoyed so far.  *Madeleine Albright *Dave Barry *Tony Blair *Terry Bradshaw *Tom Brokaw  Ben Carson *James Carville Debbi Fields Robert Gates Barry Gibbons . . Rudy Giuliani Sal Giunta *Doris Kearns Goodwin Alan Greenspan Lou Holtz Morton Kondracke Ted Koppel Mike Krzyzewski Stew Leonard Jr. *Mary Matalin Chris Matthews *George Mitchell Liz Murray Scott OGrady *Colin Powell . *Robert Reich . Mary Lou Retton Condoleezza Rice Willard Scott Tom Sullivan Peter Ueberroth *Judy Woodruff Lee Woodruff Bob Woodward
3278 Superstar opera soprano Caroline Prince (think Kathleen Battle or Renee Fleming, she of the of the Star Spangled banner at this year's Super Bowl and David Letterman guest) is at the peak of her operatic career, and is recently appointed artistic director of the Denver opera company.  Jill Allen is a 43 year old corporate attorney, partner in a top law firm, and was Caroline's lover years ago. Lovers in High School and through College until Jill's last year in Law school when Caroline's career took off and took her to Europe (both women had demanding careers ahead of them and little time for making a romance work). They meet again and the passion appears to still have life, but Jill didn't like second place in the past, has Jill realized that 2nd place isn't so bad when you can share your life with the one you love? The only thing missing for me would be more pay off in the passion department, after all these women deserved it after waiting so long. Note to the author: Jill's mentor, Walter, and Caroline's assistant, Arthur, were wonderful.
3279 "age-old hatred, homophobia, is still a basic fact of American life" and if people would just mind their own business (MYOB) would the world be a happier place?  The author illustrates this point in stories - I think this is an ideal book for any opened minded civics lesson.
3280 Book 2 in the series. My 12 year old loved it and will hand it over to my 9 year old next year.  In book 1 Nick and Teslas High-Voltage Danger Lab published 11/2013, we met 11 year old siblings with a "knack for science, electronics, and getting into trouble and we see them make everything from rocket launchers and burglar alarms to mobile tracking devices. When their parents mysteriously vanish, they're sent to live with their Uncle Newt, a brilliant inventor. But its not long before Nick and Tesla are embarking on adventures of their ownand engineering all kinds of outrageous contraptions to save their skin."  Now in book 2 they are in Half Moon Bay, California with Uncle Newt while their parents are far away on business.  Uncle Newt takes a job at a 2nd rate amusement park and Nick and Tesla have an all access pass and also uncover a devious plot. They work with 9-volt burglar alarms, electromagnets, mobile tracking devices to foil the crime and the story has instructions and blueprints for five projects.  Book 3 is out in May 2013.
3281 Shy and overweight in high school until the bullies drove her out of school, 18 year old Lireinne Hooten, her mom is no longer in the picture, lives with her stepfather (an all around good guy who needs to hold down 2 jobs to keep them out of poverty, so he doesn't have much time at home) and 15 year old half-brother in a trailer in rural Louisianna, she now works on an alligator farm.  40 year old Con is the CEO of the company that controls the alligator farm, he is on marriage #2 and looking for his next conquest, Lireinne. He hires her as a personal assistant. Lireinne is having none of it - she has her on agenda which is to be financially independent, take care of her famiy and one day go to Paris and live in glamour.  Emma, was wife #2, Con's high school sweetheart who he dumped for wife #2. she is an owner of an organic farm, suffering from anxiety and panic attacks leaving her to rarely interact with others  Sarah, is Emma's 80 year old neighbor, who is a humorous breath of fresh air.  Lizzie is wife #2 and, like Con & Emma, grew up poor. She was an attorney with few morals, now Con wants her to be a stay at home trophy wife - she wants money a maid and to spend the day shopping.  the 4 story lines weave together for a delightful and entertaining read.
3282 From the first chapter I was enjoying the humor in the novel.  I identified completely with Corrie's reaction to seeing her dad dancing in public!  The intensity of the emotion for the twenty-somethings was very real from the beginning and due to the author's careful attention to detail I didn't need to be fresh out of college to know what the main characters were feeling.  The character Denise makes for a wonderful foil and I enjoyed every moment she was in.  I felt I understood Quinn from the very beginning, she felt very real to me, including the friendship she shared with Drew. And her love of cookie dough ice cream reminded me of a dear friend so she already had immense appeal for me.  When Quinn questioned herself if Corrie was flirting with her it struck an intense cord of recognition and I was hooked.  I like the playfulness of Corrie and didn't hold it against her that she was a Hoya.  I think Corrie's incredibly poor communication with her brother will echo many readers own lives and perhaps serve as a cautionary tale.  Corrie and Quinn's romance is very sweet and I am eagerly awaiting the author's next novel!
3283 This book is everything the teaser promised! I didn't get anything done around the house over the weekend because I truly didn't want to stop reading. Seriously impressive debut. Set in North Yorkshire England, Alexandra Southwood is a University of York art history lecturer.  Alex doesn't come home one night after 13 (!) years of marriage. Her husband, Marc Southwood is left to keep their little girls, Charlotte and Lizzie, from unraveling while what he thought he knew about his wife completely unravels. The twists, even with all my grasping for clues to where the story was headed, had my admiration at the last page. The trippy part of the story is that it is told by Alex who is guessing her husbands actions and reactions to her disappearance, with the aid of access to real time news reports.
3284 32 year old Aspen is a lifetime resident of a tiny, poor, logging community in Maine.  She is a local teacher and while drop dead attractive, at the moment, she is single.  She has lost all her family but has many terrific friends, one of her closest friend is Cassie.  She finds her deepest comfort in her love of nature, especially the trees of the forest.  New to the town is thirty-something Leigh.  Leigh is single and a lifetime forester.  As women are rare in the business and she happens to be considered the best manager in the company Leigh is fast tracked for great things.  While Leigh is new to town, and doesn't know anyone, her sister Brittany arrives and gets her older sister involved in the community.  How these two women overcome their seemingly different views towards their habitat ( and troubling similarity of family backgrounds) will hold your interest.  The romance is very passionate and a highlight of reading this book.  The book also gets exciting when radical environmentalists come to town and get involved fighting redevelopment plans.  Don't miss the author's other books including-  Finest Kind of Love
3285 That devolved, for me, to a sickeningly, unrelentingly violent with no apparent or worthwhile purpose, read - and made me want to re-read every Mrs. Pollifax I have (lol). But enough of the traditional British spy novel to be compelling. Reading to the end it felt cold, sadistic.  The Program is walled of from the populace because it contains the scum of society, until uptown girl Charlotte Alton takes on the persona of Karla, a sociopath thug, involves ex-spook and sniper Simon Johanssen and the two of them turn The Program inside out. The characters are emotionally stunted in the near future world much as I felt by the last page.
3286 A wonderfully told story stretching back to a time in my youth and the story rings true. 1975, a woman at Yale University and how Title 9 opened the world to competitive women and fostered equality for the future. The memoir doesn't shy away from hard hitting themes: her parents divorce, her father leaving her mother for a trophy wife, and the devastation that followed to her mother's self-esteem. Add to that competing in this grueling sport while coming to terms with being a lesbian at a time you could be thrown out of school if it were known. The author is something of a super achiever in addition to being the daughter of a super achiever. She attended boarding school, graduating one year early. She is currently the co-owner of the Seattle Storm Women's Basketball team.  I ordered the book after reading a terrific author interview in the Seattle Times "Ginny Gilders lifelong race for equality: If I can row this boat forward "  ** She might have won another Olympic medal in 1980 if America hadn't boycotted the games that year.
3287 Lucky for me it's more than a cookbook.  The story of a modern Daniel Boone, growing up in Michigan, one of three sons of a hunter.  Beginning at age eight when he shot a squirrel, to age 13 his first deer, then hunting his way through college, a career as a fur trapper, hunting sheep in Alaska, canoeing the Missouri River for deer and ending in Brooklyn age 37. Brooklyn?  I especially liked that I share his disgust at catch & release fishing - if you fish it, you have to eat it - anything else is sadism (my words).  My brother in law is the cook in the family and I wanted to see if this would be a good gift for him and I struck pay dirt following each chapter are "Tasting Notes" where the author speaks of cooking wild game.  I also enjoyed it for the history of the land he has hunted as well as the history of the hunt (I too was a big Daniel Boone fan growing up!).  I think more pictures (everything but dead things) would have made this a keeper.
3288 Mandy Barnes, a twenty-seven year old adult education teacher in Albuquerque, New Mexico, is at an all time low.  Her husband has snookered all their friends from their church out of most of their savings (think Bernie Madoff). She has taken a summer job at the national park in Utah to regroup and recover.  Jo Reynolds, a twenty-eight year old high school biology teacher in San Bernadino, California, is a seasonal Park Ranger since she was eighteen.  The national park has lodges for single women and Jo & Mandy share a lodge with several other women.  I really enjoyed many aspects of the novel. You get to learn a great deal about the National Park system and Bryce Canyon. You get to learn about the local community that serves the park community as well as the visitors. I learned a great deal about the local Mormon community circa 1980.  Lots of interesting characters, from Geronimo (nickname of the female park security officer) to Orville, to Archie, to Carlotta, to Luisa, to Judith to Mr. Andersen, however the actions of the group of women seemed more more likely to be that of younger women age, 20-22, lots of drama and gossip.  A really neat side story are flashbacks Mandy has to a crime committed 100 years ago.  Glad I didn't miss this read.
3289 Highly enjoyable and entertaining. Sophomore Autumn Falls is a transfer student in Florida following the death of her father. Fitting in is rarely easy - I too transferred to a new school for my sophomore year and she is spot on in all it's pitfalls and only wish I had a magic journal from my grandmother to help the transition,  Clearly I am not the intended audience as I had never heard of the author and discovered she is a superstar teenager aged 16 when she authored this.  An actress, singer, model, and dancer (portrayed Ruthy Spivey in the TV series My Own Worst Enemy and CeCe Jones on the Disney Channel series Shake It Up).  I enjoyed the short author reading at the dyslexia foundation page "bella-thornes-debut-novel-is-published"  also her interview on the TV show 'THE VIEW': "I was too shocked to cry': Bella Thorne on how she turned the pain of her father's death into her debut novel Autumn Falls"
3290 I loved the writing and was delighted to read a romance with such strong women.  They are wonderfully unique personalities with interesting careers and hobbies.  The author used terrific locales to enhance the novel. I have read this book many times.  Don't miss the sequel 'The Cost of Commitment' and 'The Value of Valor'
3291 The book did not live up to the premise.  35 year old Jane, living in London, is about to be jobless when the small museum where she is an archivist loses it's funding.  20 years ago in rural Northern England, 15 year old Jane is in charge of 5 year old Lily and has an adolescent crush on Lily's widowed father, William. Lily disappears and is NEVER found.  Searches encompassed a neglected once grand estate (Inglewood House, owned by the 19th-century plant hunter George Farrington) and long closed asylum dating back 100 years where a resident also disappeared, in the same woods as Lily, and is never found.  Turns out the Chester Museum was founded in 1868 by Edmund Chester. The diary of Edmund's wife Charlotte leads Jane to believe there might have been a romance with plant hunter George Farrington's brother, Norvill Farrington.  As you would imagine Jane was never able to put in the past Lily's disappearance. When Lily's father, William, publishes a book about George Farrington, at the Chester Museum, Jane can no longer go on without answers.  What a concept! It almost paid off. The ghosts of asylum residents wanting Jane's help answering questions they continue to have, plus a fling with the barely legal age gardener, were as interesting as they were distracting.
3292 We first hear from Douglas "Deesh" Sharp, how he ended up in jail in the Bronx, NY after being charged with multiple murders, one of them being jockey Tom Corcoran.  Deesh landed in the pokey after he traveled upstate New York with his old basketball buddies, 'Bark' and James, to haul away what they come to find is an oil drum.  Desperate for the cash he does the job. And then the train wreck that is his story unfolds.  We learn from Jan Price that she knew the Corcoran family,Tom and Colleen Corcoran and their son Tug, and will be able to take Deesh off the list of suspects if she believes he is innocent of the other two murders.  The author did a terrific job of making me care for Deesh and Jan both as well as keeping me interested in what happens next.
3293 Retired Maardam CID Chief Inspector Van Veeteren still takes center stage. A very classic combination of plots, slightly predictable, with a satisfying familiarity. Engaging, very collegial characters, with unexpected quiet humor.  Extensive POV of the criminal, even though the crimes unfold in front of the reader. The author keeps us guessing till the end. The author found a clever, if tragic, way to keep his star.  I would have liked more of a sense of place, but maybe he did that in the earlier novels: 1993  The Mind's Eye, 2008 1994  Borkmann's Point, 2006 1995  The Return, 2007 1996  Woman with Birthmark, 2009 1997  The Inspector and Silence, 2010 1998  The Unlucky Lottery (2011) aka Mnster's Case ( 2012) 1999  Hour of the Wolf, 2012 2000  The Weeping Girl, 2013 2001  The Strangler's Honeymoon, 2013 2003  The G File, 2014  The first date is the Swedish publication, the 2nd date is the English publication.
3294 11 year old Albert Flynn his father sends him into a forest to deliver a letter, simple enough until ends up on a journey to the center of the Earth. He is inducted as a "Balance Keeper" the 'guardians of the underworld' where tokens create super powers and monsters are part of a battle that can destroy them all. Albert joins with other Balance Keepers, Leroy and Birdie,  in this adventure story.  The nine year old found it boring and the 12 year old isn't interested in reading more in the series.
3295 This is a Keeper!  Highly enjoyable and original collection, I was very happy this author was recommended reading in the anthology "The Poetry of Sex: Lesbians Write the Erotic" edited by Tee Corinne.  What is not to like with wonderful writing from these greats among the 74 authors and 161 poems in this collection -  Judy Grahn  Adrienne Rich  Dorothy Allison  Audre Lorde  Judith Barrington  Jan Clausen  Elena Dykewomon  Linda Smuckler  Chrystos  Joan Larkin  Jackie Lapidus  Pat Parker  Don't miss the well written and interesting introduction as well as the author profiles (including photos).  From the back of the book - Love and desire, childhood and children, the value of sisterhood, self-identity and racism, day-to-day pleasures and sorrows, the reality of lesbian oppression - and defiance of that oppression: these are some of the themes in this collection of cotemporary lesbian poetry by more than 70 poets from both sides of the Atlantic.
3296 I'm a sucker for a good cover which led me to a new to me author,RaeAnne Thayne. If you are looking for a well written passionate romance, the type I love (ie Kathleen Woodiwiss, Bertrice Small and others) this is not for you. However, this is a very nice well written family story.  Eliza and 5 year old daughter Maddie (love their names) are new arrivals to Haven Point, Idaho. Eliza is a live in Hotel manager whose job and home have just burned to the ground. With no savings or support or insurance for her chronically ill daughter she is on the brink.  Aidan not only hits her with his car we find Eliza believes he indirectly played a part in the death of her husband. At this point you are thinking this totally can not be the guy she ends up with - you would be wrong. Luckily for everyone Aiden has recently purchased the 'Snow Angel Cove', a ten-bedroom lodge where he plans bring his extended family for Christmas. With a winter storm barreling in and the other hotels full with guests from the burned down Inn, AIden offers Eliza & Maddie a place to stay.  Aiden is an all around terrific guy and Maddie was written perfectly, Eliza played a little young for me but as the romance moved along she gre on me too.  You also might enjoy the author's novel "HOPE's CROSSING' which features Aidan's family.  Found a terrific author interview searching "Introducing Haven Point: RaeAnne Thayne on Snow Angel Cove".
3297 22-year-old William Wyeth, is a green behind the ears young trapper who is also sweet on young widow Alene Chevalier - neither have a penny to their names.  Buffalo, Bears, brutality, betrayal, and butchery join William on his fur trapping for beaver and muskrat into the mountains, lakes and rivers. It gave me a feel of watching the 1962 epic movie HOW THE WEST WAS WON with Jimmy Stewart and Carroll Baker. Starts off a bit slow and gets more exciting. I simply LOVED the ending. The last 20 pages were pure adrenaline.
3298 The "Ultra Duty" didn't seem much different then the "Heavy Duty" binder from Wilson. I have been scrapbooking for 40 years and the last 12 years have found using the Wilson 1 to 2 inch binders the best for my needs. The 3 outside pockets let me insert (or not) a 8x10 picture on the front and back, in the spine I usually put a book mark I have acquired at some bookstore in the past 12 months - lots of great memories. The two inside pockets are terrific, I am hoping they will change them to full page instead of the current third of the page they are.  I usually use white or blue and the color adds to the display. The ring is very sturdy and easy to open.  I can't say this is child tested tough. It doesn't feel sturdy enough to take a 5 day week beating for 9 months.
3299 27 year old Beth Swahn, is an attorney working in her stepfather's Manhattan law firm. She's won a $105 million dollar case for her client CK Leung. Turns out CK thinks it was $35 million.  It seems CK's business associate was blown to smithereens with his boat near Puerto Rico. Beth smells a rat so she, her mom and stepfather take off on their own boat to find some answers.  I loved the characterization of Beth and her mom and stepdad. Even thought the ending wasn't as strong as I would have liked I was completely entertained and hope that this evolves into a series.
3300 Tells us her story (and the ending is action packed!), how she valiantly fought to keep her groove pure. How she was terribly beaten by her father (who is thankfully terminally ill). How her new husband, Kade, will be taking over the clan when her father dies. It was questionable to me that Kade would care for Stella so quickly and intensely that he vows not consummate their marriage until Stella is ready (I didn't know they grew highlanders like that). Kade is one of the fiercest warriors in the highlands so it was touching to see how gentle he was in wooing Stella. The situation is a toughie because Stella had already developed a crush on the blacksmith in her father's employ. The big surprise for me was how totally turned on Stella is when her husband gets aggressive in their marital bed (I hope she has a safe word!), it just seemed creepy after a lifetime of abuse. hmmmmm. And don't me started about Stella's wretched sisters, the most despicable being Maisie.
3301 The baby is lucky mommy let her have it. The baby is lucky our cat let her have it. I wanted to hang it next to my reading chair and pull at it every once in a while it is that adorable. lolol. much larger than I expected (only because I didn't look at the other 2 pictures before ordering).  A perfect addition to any child's environment, ages newborn to 2 years of age.
3302 Continuing the story from 2014's 'Invisible Ellen'. The unaptly named Temerity, a blind violinist ,  and her BFF, the introverted Ellen, share a home with Temeritys twin brother, Justice.  Ellen is growing more confident and is working with children in foster care. Ellen was in foster care since her mother dumped her there when she was 5 years old, she is a loner has used food a a crutch to such an extent that she medically obese, she was working the night shift on a cleaning crew, avoiding all human contact to the point of having her groceries delivered to avoid being in public. Add to that the facial scars she tries to disguise behind her hair.  BOOK #1 - Ellen has been an outsider since she was a child. In fact, she has done everything in her power to make herself seem completely invisible to those around heruntil she becomes exactly that. Overweight, awkward, and utterly alone, she rarely leaves her apartment except to work the night shift at Costco. Everything changes when Ellen meets a charismatic blind woman named Temerity and surprises herself by stepping in to save her from two violent muggers. Ellens brave act sparks an intense friendship, and the unlikely pairthe invisible girl and her blind sidekickbegin a journey together filled with intrigue, humor, and surprises. Little by little, Ellen finds another, stronger side of herself as she realizes that she has so much more to offer than her invisible persona allowed.
3303 Plenty of football action mixed in with real life issues and ethics. Alex is the new kid in town (a suburb of Philadelphia). Starting high school in a new town after his parents divorce is a toughie. But Alex dreams large, first by shooting for first-string varsity quarterback! Does that happen in real life?  He may have to think again because the current QB is also the coach's son, so you know he is well versed in the plays and in peak training.  My 12 year old loved it.
3304 But not much romance. Laura Matthews, wants to bear a child, she believes her hectic London lifestyle is the cause of her infertility. She and her husband, Dan the man, buy a cozy cottage far from the madding crowd, in Wales. Hubby heads to London for the week while she plans to pamper herself and paint. Rhys, the hunky neighbor with a issue of his own regales her with stories of Merlin, Megan the maid, and Lord Geraint.  Not a lot of Merlin and Laura makes some decisions that are a romance killer.
3305 Junpero Serra (1713-1784 in Carmel, California), a Franciscan priest and one of the founding fathers of California (in 1769, only a couple years before The Boston Tea Party) he arrived in Southern California at age 55.  He is closely linked to the famous Roman Catholic missions in California. Born in Spain in 1713. As an adult he is historically seen as  pious, ambitious and stubborn. The book tells the story from his education in Spain, his travels to Mexico in 1749 as part of the horrific Inquisition. After that he traveled to the Spanish colony of Alta California and built a string of missions (9 of a final total of 21 - spaced one day on horseback apart) from San Diego to Monterey - his mission being to assimilate the Native Americans into becoming Catholic Europeans (and it worked much like the Borg in Star Trek - disastrously: 80,000 Indians baptized and 60,000 deaths). The Spanish brought disease and harsh living conditions along with them and the Indian population crashed from 325,000 in 1769 to less than 100,000 when it became part of the US only 80 years later. Widely known in California this book should expose his life, and impact, to a wider audience. It is a bit on the dry side, however I did enjoy it. Serra legacy includes inhumanity to the native people - he converted with an iron fist, the government and military didn't care much for him either, demanding that he be the ultimate leader and decision maker. I think the good father needed to be brought down a few pegs - but no one came close to doing it.  Fascinating.
3306 Set in 1963, the story of 13 year old Arthur whose father was a beloved deadbeat alcoholic who died 3 months ago. He totally loses it one day when he comes home to find his despairing and angry mother has removed all evidence of his father from the home. He runs outside and finds the junk man of the neighborhood looking like a vagrant wearing his dad's beloved ball cap, and in a whirl of blind anger throws a brick at him.  The highlight for me was reading on line of the author's inspiration for the junk man, whose life's masterpiece is on display at the Smithsonian in Washington DC. and made of 7 important things:  bits of light bulbs, foil, mirrors, wood, bottles, coffee cans, and cardboard.  I found a sample chapter at the publisher's website that helped me decide to order it.
3307 25% lighter (7.3 pounds) than my other 25 inch 4 wheel - makes lifting it in and out of the car trunk much easier and reduces the chance of packing over 50 pounds.  OVERALL DIMENSIONS 27.25 x 17.5 x 12. BODY DIMENSIONS  24.25 x 16.75 x11. WARRANTYWorldwide Limited 10 Year Warranty
3308 "Get to Know Stacy Robinson" on youtube was a short video that led me to order this book. Sadly Clair too superficial and weak for me. She had a life where money was not a worry as it is for 90 percent of American, but glided through it, losing touch with her family, until the day she went morally bankrupt. Luckily Gail made me laugh and Nicky had my heart.
3309 16 year old Micheal is living my idea of a horrible future world. He spends so much time in the virtual world he has no life in the real world. All his friends are from the virtual. His parents are not evident.  Michael is also a hacker and along with virtual friends Bryson and Sarah they are on a mission to trap another hacker by the name of Kaine, by travelling the 'Path' to the 'Hallowed Ravine'. Kaine, they are told, is responsible for taking other gamers and making them brain dead in the real world.  I know I couldn't put the book down until the end. I cared not a whit that Micheal, Bryson and Sarah could be obliterated at any moment - this book was all about the plot.  I got it for my 12 year old not knowing that the adult themes are better for someone a bit older. But I think a 14 year old will love it.  PS - it didn't guess the twist and it is a good one.
3310 The book delivered on it's premise: Lots of Americana. It also has lots of Charlie Phoenix that I found a bit of a distraction. Both the 50 and 70 year old in the family say it brought back lots of happy memories.
3311 WOULD LOVE THIS AS AN AUDIO NOVEL!  My 74 year old dad who loves crime novels and mob movies, is in rehab fighting for his life and this was the one light in our time together that I can read this aloud and we both laugh at the absurdity. This Jersey girl thanks you Bob Garfield.  Jack Schiavone, embezzlement & scandal ended his advertising job. He ends up starting over in Brooklyn's fictitious Ebbets Beach as "Mr. Mattress" as a discount bedding franchisee owner.  Jack has fallen for one of the mob bosses twin daughters, Angela, a legal-aid attorney, she wants her dad Victor "Vic the Vig" Donato to go legit. His store manager is the don's former consigliore.  The Brighton Beach Russian Mob start muscling into the neighborhood. The Donatos, the self titled `Cozy Nostra", is barely making ends meet and want protection money from the merchants. They hire hit man, Dr. Glick-Mermelstein a chiropractor by day, to make the Russians disappear.  You can see where is is going give it a chance and you won't regret it.  A Keeper!
3312 Ideal for ages 10 to 13 but our whole family ages 5 to 71 enjoyed the story. I couldn't resist a title like "Time Traveling with a Hamster" lol - it just screams wacky! Our hero is 12 year old Al whose father died when Al was 8. Al opens a letter to him from his Dad on his birthday and the race is on to use a time travel device his dad built and use it to go back in time and save his dad's life.
3313 The simple book is appropriate for any child age 2 to 6.  Got this to bring to a friend's home for her 5 year old. My friends are Christian and trying to incorporate Jewish traditions into their homelife. The story was a hit for the family, especially the recipe for the special cookies at the end of the book. I enjoyed reading to the little boy and they tell me repeated readings are often requested by the little one.
3314 Hollinghursts compelling 6th novel sucks the reader into the intimate story of the lives of a father and his son from the 1940 to 2012.  Wow. One of the rare instances where you can believe all the hype. Beginning with charismatic 17 year old David while at Oxford, at the beginning of the second world war in 25 years to engulf Europe, you just know if he survives the bloodbath that magnificent opportunities await such a magnetic man. By 1966 David is a war hero, married with a son, Johnny. David will become a target of a screaming headline scandal (to say more would have ruined the story for me). Johnny comes to thave an outlandishly good time in the disco era 1970s London art scene. The last part of the novel unfolds just recently (the book was released first in the UK last fall, I loved the writing and the story, I want to call this an epic story because that is how I felt when I finished, but it really is too intimate a story to use such a grand word.  Now I think I will find more to read by Mr. Hollinghurst.
3315 This novel could have been written specifically for me. I could totally identify with everything eccept the shoe size I am a 9wide or 9 and a half regular. Funny and charming - would love to go shoe shopping with the author!
3316 Havana 2006 Christmas & New Year's  First in a series: Inspector Ricardo Ramirez, head of Havana Major Crimes Unit Ramirez is working on the rape and murder of 8-year-old Arturo Montegri, pulled dead from the sea. In Cuba that crime carries an automatic death sentence if convicted.  Canadian detective Mike Ellis (his partner has been killed by a man wielding a knife and his wife, Hillary, recently miscarried their first child) hopes the sun and sand will save his marriage, but they argue when she tells him not to give money to a begging child but he does. She returns to Ottawa. He spends the night at Hemingway's favorite bar.  The next morning Ellis is arrested, he is set up for the crime, loads of evidence against him.  Ramirez and Dr. Hector Apiro, medical examiner and pathologist, have 72 hours to charge Ellis, after that he is free to go.  Lawyer Celia Jones is sent by Ellis' boss. To get Mike his freedom she'll have to overcome her fear of failure resulting from a disastrous negotiation that ended her police career.  Ramirez is handicapped by a perceived disease causing him to see the victims of his unsolved cases (dead victims), he fears the same disease of dementia that killed his grandmother.  In the last quarter of the books twist after twist kept me riveted.  I could have done without the pictures documenting the brutal rape.  FYI - the novel will be released July 2013 in the UK as Midnight in Havana.  Book 2 was published in Canada  in Februry 2013: THE POISONED PAWN
3317 Another terrific novel from Robin Alexander. From the moment I read this author's laugh out loud short stories I was hooked.  This is a fabulous wonderfully well written novel that you will not put down until the last page. The pacing is impeccable. The characters real and immensely likeable. The story was a wonderful rollercoaster of a ride.  I couldn't wait to see where the author would take the characters next. Surprise after surprise. A little bit of romance, mystery, history, family intigue, and time travel.  Have fun!
3318 You will love this story of one women's journey to reach the peak in her sport and coming to a crossroads where she must make a decision which will change her life.  I don't play hockey but I have played on my share of athletics and the author portrays with total realism the complete picture of the heroine.  The writing style is refreshing and without pretense.  This is a story you will read again and again.  I was only able to find three titles by this author and I wish there were 30.
3319 The story takes place six months after the start of the novel 'Conflict of Interest'.  Twenty-eight year old psychologist Dawn, a divorce', is seeing Aiden, a sex crimes police detective in Portland, Oregon. One big surprise enters their new life together and takes most of the novel to work out.  Also as main characters are twenty-nine year old Kade Matheson, the deputy district attorney and Lieutenant Del Vasquez. Del was Aiden's father's partner on the police force years ago. Kade has a history with Aiden.  Del is smitten by Kade and while Kade is drawn to Del, Kade has built emotional walls that prevent them getting together easily.  At 540 pages this is a substantial book where the author is allowed to explore the characters and story lines in depth. A creepy plot line appears and the author handles the suspense well and resolves the story nicely.  I would say this story has more emotional angst than romance and read more like a crime novel to me but your view may be different.  The references to Xena and Star Trek were a lot of fun.
3320 Perfect for ages 15 to 17. I am always easy prey for books set in Florida where I lived for 21 years, add in New Mexico which I have driven trough 3 times (favorite stop is Las Cruces) and I have a sure thing. The opening was gripping to me and our teen reader. 17 year old Dani's abusive parent, Ruby, is mauled to death by a bear outside their home. Because she is under age she must move to New Mexico to live with her mother's sister who she never met. (right there I wish she could have a better social worker who could talk to her about emancipation options). The joy in the story is the emotional journey Dani takes, with her aunt and getting to know her mother's story in becoming the person Dani knew. Meeting new people, making new friends. The book is just gorgeous. Keeper.
3321 And the last piece is laugh out loud funny and original  I bought this book because it is recommended reading by Tee A. Corinne in the erotic anthology and poetry collection she edited `'The Body of Love'.  This is a don't miss book -  From the back of the book - In this impassioned first book of poetry, Carolyn Gammon writes from the fiery heart of lesbian life and love. The rhythms vary from no-holds-barred torch songs to poems infused with ironic slow burn.  Gammon investigated sexuality and politics with explicit, uncompromising and often humorous language.
3322 10 year old Deja, is a 5th grader living in Brooklyn New York. Her dad has been struck down with PTSD and lung ailments that keep him from employment. They live is a group home because apartments are unaffordable. At school Deja's new friends are Sabeen, a Muslim girl, and Ben whose father is an Iraq veteran. Their teacher, Miss Garcia, gives them several assignments regarding 9/11 that ends up personalizing for each of them what 9/11 has meant to their family, their community and how it impacts them today.  Considering how fresh the events of 9/11/2001 are in my mind it was fascinating to see it taught as history to children born years later.  After our 10 year old read the book it lead to a terrific dinner conversation for our whole family.  Highly recommended.
3323 animal sacrificing paranormal (witch) bisexual love story set in Brooklyn New York. Frankly I bought it based on the cover alone as I figured it would have huge appeal for a 14 year old boy.  Alejandra aka Alex doesn't like being one in a long line of witches, in fact she is the el supremo of witches. Nova, is also a witch and Alex finds herself bewitched. Her coming of age ceremony goes horribly wrong with her family exiled  to another dimension. With Nova as her guide they head to the world of Los Lagos (which I kept pronouncing Los Legos) on a rescue mission.
3324 stopped working within a year - I live on the Oregon Coast wear it rains. Maybe good for a drought stricken location only. Looked great.
3325 I was wrapped up in this novel from the first chapter.  The world the author writes of is as frighteningly horrible and stiflingly as Orwell's 1984. The character of Jess is dragged from her idyllic world of Tristaine into a prison called 'The Clinic'. There she is ministered to by a new medic, Brenna, who treats her injuries inflicted by the authorities experimentations.  Brenna comes to question all her beliefs and the story takes off.  Strong writing and characterization make this novel a winner that you will remember long after you read it.  The story of Tristaine is continued in 'Battle for Tristaine' (2006); 'Tristaine Rises' (2006); 'Queens of Tristaine' (2007).  From the publisher's website -  Brenna has achieved the most prestigious assignment a City medic could hope for -- working with the renowned scientist Caster in The Clinic's top-secret Military Research Unit. That her new duties include monitoring the health of tortured political prisoners shouldn't faze Brenna -- such humanistic concerns have long been dismissed by an oppressive City Government. But Brenna finds herself deeply conflicted by her first patient, Jesstin, a wild and rebellious warrior reputed to be descended from ancient Amazons. As Caster's interrogations grow increasingly more brutal, Brenna fears for Jess's survival and struggles with her own deepening bond with her patient.  Through Jess, she learns of another way of life in the Amazon village of Tristaine, where freedom and passion are prized more highly than political power. Before long, Brenna's heart leads her into a fight for her life.
3326 The producers of my favorite Soap Operas (All My Children & General Hospital) sure could use Lynn Ames' talent - she certainly writes a dramatic compelling story!  Dara is a top actress in Hollywood who also graduated from Yale. From the first page it is pretty clear she is burnt out of that career, it doesn't appear to give her enjoyment or fulfillment. Luckily for her she is also a Pulitzer Prize winning novel under a pseudonym (Constance Darrow), writing is her great joy and also a closely guarded secret. Between the two careers she has a wonderful social life with close friends but love is not to be found. This is very believable to me - look at all the actresses out there who are single or have been single for several years.  Rebecca is a college professor in Vermont and is including Constance Darrow's work in her curriculum. She writes to Constance's publisher and gets a reply, from Constance!  A professional and academic correspondence begins that eventually turns social and the two women really enjoy the other's correspondence.  The POV from multiple characters was never confusing. One thing I was missing was more physical passion, and after all they went through in their lives I thought they deserved alot more (me too - lol). One thing in the plot caught me off guard but I try to keep spoilers out of my reviews so you will have to find out for yourself.  I liked Rebecca right away, Dara took a bit longer - I thought she came off as a diva in the first chapter but she grew on me
3327 I liked Horatio, Theresa and Sasha - I loved the premise of the novel tremendously. I didn't like Jackson at all! I thought Jackson was a pouty little boy - beh! All that being said the last 20 pages were feel good and I will give the author another go.  Your mileage may very so here is a list of the author's other titles: Adored (2005) Showdown (2006) Do Not Disturb (2008) Flawless (2009) Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game (2009) Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness (2010) Scandalous (2010) Fame (2011) Temptation (2012) Sidney Sheldon's Angel of the Dark (2012) Sidney Sheldon's The Tides of Memory (2013)
3328 Reading a novel by Susan Meagher is much like sitting down with a friend and having the friend tell you a story, never a dull chapter, never a moment that seems contrived or out of place,  American born Aldo Bagnolesi has never been to his father's homeland of Italy. His father left for America after a split with his brother over the family winery. Now nearing retirement he has an opportunity to take over, there's only one hitch, he has to go now as the land is entailed to the government - if a Bagnolesi is not running it the government get it. However, Aldo doesn't want to go yet, so what's a guy to do? Send his wife over for a couple years? Send his younger son? No. Send his oldest, his daughter, guilt her to go. At the same time let her know that she is expendable to the current family business and that her younger brother will be taking it over when he retires.  Rock and Roll! This story takes off! It's clear that SX Meagher loves the written word and her characters. They are all so REAL. It turns out sending Nicole to Italy if the best gift her father has ever given her. I could say more but why ruin the journey? Just say that by the end of the novel Nicole is the happiest woman in the Mediterranean. The only thing I missed were the erotically passionate love making from the author's earlier books, it's here in this book just not as much. Can't decide if this is the book for you - want to hear the author read a snippet - you are in luck search 'Bar Rag - Susan X. Meagher Reads from The Crush'. Enjoy!
3329 Medium coverage formula. Made for sensitive, intolerant, allergy-prone skin. One ounce lasts a really long time. I have gotten away from brushless direct application foundation and enjoyed using this product at home. Instructions are to use after applying a facial moisturizer, SPF, and concealer, while i use the foundation then the concealer.  l'oral-answers/the-question-of-animal-testing: La Roche-Posay/L'Oral themselves do not test on animals anywhere in the world, nor does it delegate the task to others.  L'Oreal does sell  products to China, which may or may not test any given product on animals.
3330 Non-stop action. Set in Berlin Germany. Police Homicide Detective Tommen is framed for the murder of a prominent judge. He escapes police custody. In an attempt to find evidence pointing to the real murder he is stymied by the manhunt for him so he slips in to the city's criminal underground to hide. The murders don't stop with the judge and they are graphic. The only disappointment was I figured out the killer earlier than Tommen did.  What makes this story unique is the secondary characters who connect with Tommen in his life or death quest. Go into this and appreciate the unique humor, you should be in for a good read.  * translated from the German by Steve Anderson.
3331 Totally engaging and believeable. You don't have to be a fan of Medical drama to enjoy this. The characters are fascinating.  I couldn't get enough of their back story and wished the novel could have been 100 pages longer. The book is so well written I couldn't put it down.  This is a Keeper !  book description - Saxon Sinclair, the broodingly secretive Chief of Trauma at a busy Manhattan hospital is less than pleased to learn that her new resident is going to be the subject of a documentary film. The arrival of Jude Castle, a fiery independent filmmaker, soon sets sparks flying as the two driven women clash both personally and professionally. Both have secrets they have spent a lifetime guarding, and both have chosen careers over love. Forced together on the battleground between life and death, passion strikes without warning, and they find themselves struggling with both desire and destiny.
3332 The novel is written as a letter written by Wolf Truly to his son, so you know he makes it down alive.  A year before his BFF Byrd had an accident that Wolf takes the blame on himself for.  Unable to go on (his mother died violently years ago, his alcoholic father has them both in poverty and is now serving time in prison) he takes the first cable car up Angels Peak aka Mt. San Jacinto to end his life on a cold November day.  Wolf meets grieving widower, Nola. Nola convinces Wolf to guide her, with daughter Bridget, and granddaughter Vonn to the peak to spread her husband's ashes.  Through a series of misadventures, including broken bones, infections and coyotes he gets them trapped in a canyon for 5 days.  Ever since finishing it I have been wishing for a bookclub to discuss the "what, ifs".
3333 Once I got over the premise for the demise of the family as a unit I enjoyed every last detail. Coleman is a terrific storyteller, so good that I may try his take on Robert B. Parker's Jesse Stone&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Robert-B-Parker-s-Blind-Spot-A-Jesse-Stone-Novel-Book-13/dp/B00INIXG2U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Robert B. Parker's Blind Spot (A Jesse Stone Novel Book 13)</a>&nbsp;&&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Robert-B-Parker-s-The-Devil-Wins-Jesse-Stone-Novels-Book-14/dp/B00SI0B7WE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Robert B. Parker's The Devil Wins (Jesse Stone Novels Book 14)</a>.  Perfect and very satisfying conclusion - already looking forward to the next book in this new series. Two thumbs up from this Jersey Girl.
3334 Like a Greek Tragedy this novel plays out. Translated in 2010 from Dutch to English and first published in Holland. This story is all over the place, literally.  It alternates between narrators and country's Belgium, California, the Netherlands, and Shanghai.  Siem Sigerius, a professor of mathematics and judo champion, at one time living on Bonita Avenue in Berkeley, California now chancellor of a university in the Netherlands. Siem see's his oldest step-daughter, Joni, in a porno movie he is watching after he is dumped by his lover, a student, when he will not divorce his wife. Alrighty then. His oldest daughter's boyfriend, Aaron, is like the son he never had; the son he did have is a one that parental nightmares are made of. Believe it or not, there is a lot more, but that would spoil the suspense.
3335 Published in 2005. The story and the art work are spot on perfect. My 8 year read it to my 6, 5 and 4 year olds - they all loved it. It's silly and timeless - I loved it too.
3336 loved the coastal setting of the beautiful state of Maine  It was refreshing to read a novel where the main character is a blue collar worker who loves her profession.  I found her to be an excellent character and enjoyed very much reading about her life at sea.
3337 Taking the reader from June 17, 1775, at the Battle of Bunker Hill, the American Revolution to the high seas aboard American privateers, to the South in December of 1781. Book 2 in what would become an 8 novel series (The Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series) stretching to Christmas in Boston Massachusetts 1890, 5 generations of the Kent family to Philippe's 48 year old great great grandson Gideon and his grown family. The novel was made into a wonderful 4 hour made for TV 4 hour movie of the same name.  I read this as a new teenager, when it was first published in 1974, it was a prelude to the excitement generating for the nation's bi-centennial in 1976. I was utterly consumed with the story telling. 22 year old Philippe born in France the illegitimate son of the 6th Duke of Kent mixing historic events and people with Phillip's day to day life like: >George Washington >Marquis de Lafayette > General Anthony Wayne > General von Steuben  The story reads like a American Revolution Peyton Place and I was loving every single page of it until something so horrendous occurs I almost didn't continue reading the book. In fact, if I can remember back almost 40 years I didn't read the rest of the series until 6 years later.
3338 Written by the professor of constitutional law at New York University. I picked this title after watching "Speak Now: Conversation with Kenji Yoshino" on YouTube. The book was a dry read for me - not boring, just not as sensational as you would expect such a hot button issue to be. This was a case I followed closely at the time. The author focuses on the first trial in a federal court on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage, a 12-day trial in 2010 heard by Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco. There are some wow moments, Like his interview with an acedemic who was set to testify and substantiate to the inferiority of same-sex marriage. Considering the author is gay and married to his same sex partner it was an eye opening section to the reader.
3339 At 300 pages this is another wonderfully substantial and satisfying novel.  This book is part of the authors Celaeno Series.  While each novel takes place in the same world and same locales they all have a different flavour.  This novel is special in that it concerns a woman's coming of age, the decisions she originally makes based on life long beliefs, how those beliefs are held against a light of truth and what she makes of that truth.  It is a wonderfully complex story with a variety of interesting people.  The most interesting feeling for me was that I was able to inhabit each person's perspective .  I found myself disagreeing with decisions they made and yet was completely understanding of what compelled them to be made.  It was very nice seeing familiar faces from the author's other novels in this story.  This was an exciting novel, very rich in passion and humor too.  Be prepared, while the character's feelings and actions are authentic to today's world, the setting is much like I would imagine the middle ages had been with all the brutality of that era as well.  I liked it so much I devoured the other three books in the series in one week. It really doesn't matter which order you read the novels in (I read Temple at Landfall first).  Don't miss any of the books in the Celaeno World Series by Jane Fletcher  The Rangers at Roadsend  The Temple at Landfall  The Walls of Westernfort  Dynasty of Rogues
3340 My 3 eager readers/listeners, ages 4 to 8m thought it was nice but didn't request a repeat read - I asked why not and they said the illustrations were 'kinda creepy'.
3341 The writing is so picturesque it is like you are watching a movie by Martin Scorsese. Before the novel ends, almost 600 pages later, we have a nail biter of a morality story. Widowed Mrs. Wray and her 26-year-old daughter, Frances live together and take in borders aka paying guests to make ends meet. The Wray's two sons died in the war and Mr. Wray died within a year of the wars end leaving the upper class women surprisingly destitute.  The paying guests are Leonard and, the voluptuous, Lilian Barber, white collar workers who the Wrays would normally not mix with socially, and here they are living in the same home. Frances and her mother observe that all is not peaceful in the Barber marriage. Then Frances and Lily begin a torrid, vividly erotic, adulterous affair that you know can not end well. The horror for all involved is that an accident causes everyone's life to come off the rails. The lovers are placed in a moral quandary that completely captivated this reader and to tell you more would ruin the suspense. The author kept we wondering how this was going to end until the last chapter.
3342 Mister Max, Solutioneer (I keep myself laughing my hearing the voice of Wylie Coyote saying "Super Genius")  A delight mystery/adventure. finds our 12 year old Max cared for by his grandmother after his actor parents disappear.  Trying to find out the whereabouts of his folks, he manages to find solutions for the people he encounters while he traipses about the city.  Neither my 12 year nor I liked the cliffhanger ending.
3343 The author has been published since 1974 (non-fiction, paranormal fiction and mysteries) so I knew I had a winner before getting this book. After reading this 5th in a series of 6 books I bought the other 5.  We first met federal agent Alexandra LaDuca in the RUSSIAN TRILOGY, she's smart, tough and cool under fire.  In `Conspiracy in Kiev' working with the U.S. Treasury she travels to the Ukraine to track a Russian-Ukrainian mobster named Yuri Fedrov during a visit by the American president. In `Midnight in Madrid' she tracks down stolen artwork laden with mysteries, legends and claims of supernatural power. `Countdown in Cairo' she investigates a former mentor who was believed to be dead and is caught in a double cross.  Alexandra returns in `THE CUBAN TRILOGY'. In `HOSTAGE IN HAVANA' the U.S. Treasury Agent, recovering from the tragic loss of her fianc a year before, leaves her Manhattan home on an illegal mission to Cuba to solve a decades-old mystery, recover a large amount of cash and return an American fugitive to the US. With her is Paul Guarneri, a Cuban-born exile who lives on the fringe of the law. Released in May 2012  `MURDER IN MIAMI' Alex is in Miami to continue her investigations into the Dosi cartel's drug fueled money laundering.  I am a practicing Catholic and not one for the Christian fiction genre. However I didn't feel like the author was hitting me over the head with religion of any faith.  The one thing I missed was a WOW ending. I am not sure I am saying this accurately but to me it seemed not enough show and depended all on the telling.
3344 Stretching the 20th century, from British society, the roaring 20's, to a coffee farm in Kenya, to  Wall Street in Manhattan.  34 year old Clementine `Clemmie' is working 70 hour weeks to make partner in a large Manhattan firm and her grandmother Adeleine is celebrating her 99th birthday.  Pre-WWI, shy and plain  Adeleine is raised with her spirited & beautiful cousin, Bea by her remote aunt & her uncle, an Earl, at their English country estate Ashford Park as the poor relative after she is orphaned at age 6.  The Bea and Addie dynamic was fascinating. I totally got Addie's devotion to Bea and Bea is exactly as I imagine someone in her class would behave, her awareness only to self was how she was raised.  So well written I read it in one weekend.  I do wonder if the author has been to Kenya as I never got a feeling like I did when reading Isak Dinesen, (pen name of Danish author Baroness Karen von Blixen-Finecke).
3345 leading to hours of free time for the adults - winner! a Brazilian rainforest; a subway in Tokyo; Buckingham Palace; a shopping mall; Central Park in New York City - using 250 reusable stickers for the little ones to create their own artwork. My only recommendation to Lonely Planet would be keep the stickers to one inch - anything smaller just gets lost by little hands; advice for the adults - keep the stickers in a zip type plastic sandwich bag, they will stick around longer.
3346 I loved the New England setting ( being a 10 generation New Englander myself). However the mom and daughter were not appealing or interesting. The plot never became believable for me and the pace was rarely compelling. I have read rave reviews of the author's other books&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-Woman-s-Place/dp/0061095052/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Woman's Place</a>;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Coast-Road/dp/1416579567/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Coast Road</a>;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Dream-Crosslyn-Rise-Trilogy-Book-1/dp/B00F1QX852/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Dream (Crosslyn Rise Trilogy Book 1)</a>;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lake-News/dp/1451648413/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lake News</a>;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TOGETHER-ALONE-OS/dp/B000OF06QE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TOGETHER ALONE -OS</a>so I will try another.
3347 Over 10 years ago Rylan's sister Ginny is murdered, Destry's brother Carson was a suspect and that tore the teenagers and their love apart. Destry is ready to ride again into Rylan's arms until her brother, and unanswered questions, open the old wounds.  I was totally set for an angst ridden love conquers all romance *happy sigh*, but what I got was a enjoyable mystery so while I was disappointed that the romance wasn't a traditional romance the mystery was nice (however the ending could have had more depth, more information, more story, just a bit more).
3348 Todd Neeley, shot 13 people dead and then killed himself 3 years ago. Molly Harris was one of the dead. Jack Harris, her widower, lives for payback. Malcom Neely, the shooter's father, and 2 others are shot dead. Jack is a suspect with a fishy alibi and some hard evidence that he is the shooter. Buckley, his teenage daughter, thinks he is innocent. Olivia Randall,  in a New York City attorney, and Jack's one time fiance takes his case. I was forced to read obsessively because, thanks to the author, I just had to know.
3349 the cats love the steps the 13 year old miniature fox terrier finds them diffcult to naigate - to steep I think. Glad we got it anyway - will get more as the cats age.
3350 This is a well written story that is tremendously positive.  It is a perfect read at the holiday season and I can see taking it out every year to read at this time.  The humor is perfect and all the main characters a delight to get to know.  The drama is real and keeps you from putting the book down until the last page. There is also a beautiful romance that develops and it doesn't wait for the last chapter to unfold.  from the publisher's web site - Anna Pagonis could never have anticipated how dramatically her life would be changed by a frightening encounter within a San Antonio office parking complex.  On a frigid February evening, Anna's escape is assisted by two women who are reluctant to come forward after the rescue. When Anna finally locates Rona and her friend, they become a daily part of her life and a comfortable routine is established. Then a harsh betrayal casts doubts between them and causes Anna to make a hasty decision.  What will it take for Anna and Rona to find their way back to each other again?
3351 Terrific news for those looking for this novel, it is back in print (January 2006) in a newly edited edition from the Intaglio publishing house. [...]  This romance has such depth of character that I read it at least once a year.  I find myself putting the book down while I read just to absorb what is happening as the women's feelings and thoughts are so real to the reader.  The story stretches over 18 years and the American continent from Maine to California.  The women find themselves college roommates and the story takes them through adulthood to their mid 30's.  Do not miss this story and buy a copy for a friend who loves romance!  Here is the summary from the publisher's website - Torrey Gray hasn't seen the woman she fell in love with in college for 15 years. Taylor Kent, now a celebrated artist, has spent the years trying to forget, albeit unsuccessfully, the young woman who walked out of Taylor's life.  Best friends forever, neither woman ever had the courage to speak of the passion they felt for one another. Now, an unusual but desperate request will throw the old friends together again. This time, will they be able to voice their unspoken desires, or has time become their enemy?
3352 what makes them tick - no one to like - no one to despise - no one to fear - an interesting premise that is well written on a subject that unless you have an interest can induce more than one nap. This was an excellent change of pace novel and I am glad I got a chance to read a new to me author: Come Sunday (1988) The Almanac Branch (1991) Trinity Fields (1994) Giovanni's Gift (1997) Ariel's Crossing  (2002) The Diviner's Tale (2011)  Found an excellent audio interview with the author at "Episode 26: Bradford Morrow"
3353 This story gives you everything you want in a novel.  Great writing, wonderful characters and a terrific story. The secondary characters are as interesting as the main characters.  The story is a real page turner but the characters are so endearing (and hilariously funny) that you don't want it to end.  This isn't a lightweight romance.  The characters suffer through some pretty serious tragedies, none of them gratuitous but all very well written.  from the publisher's web site - As a highly successful film star and director, Robbie Williams is used to leading a wild and comfortable life. Headstrong, ambitious, intelligent and self-centered, she is used to everything always going her way. But when she falls in love with her brother's widow Janet, things are about to change. Life with Janet means settling down and domesticity, and Robbie finds herself jointly responsible for the parenting of a pair of dynamic and sometimes willful children. Family life brings new challenges - serious illness, abuse and kidnapping are just a few of the problems the Williams family must deal with. But through it all, two strong women find their way to a loving family and a supportive community.  This thoroughly revised and re-edited version of the previously published Seasons brings fresh insight into the lives of these well-loved characters.  The book I have was published in 2005 and contains both Seasons One and Two (Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter) plus an epilogue.  I have the author's other novels (Journeys and Encounters) and hope that her other novel 'Murder Mystery Series' will be re-issued so I can read that also!
3354 Sir Walter Scott might enjoy this Russian novel set in the last days (1999) of the rule of Boris Yeltsin when much of the national wealth was held by a ruthless few, resulting in widespread corruption, inflation and economic collapse.  Mikhail, Pavel and Sergei are the narrators. Mikhail is a tough-guy who worked for wealthy Pavel until Mikhail's screwup brought the law down on the Company. Pavel is a corrupt businessman and 17 year old Sergei is his son. There is also a key fourth voice at the end of the novel.  Surprisingly Pavel has a new job for Mikhail. He tells Mikhail his concern that his son is a internet geek and may be homosexual, that he wants Mikhail to make him a Sonny Corleone (fighting, womanizing, drinking, etc.), without the dead part. Mikhail also needs to report back on their activities.  Pavel is lying, Sergei is lying, Mikail is lying. Marina is lying.  Marina? She is Sergei's object of desire, in part due to his love of Audrey Hepburn (who she resembles) and who he became a fan for on the internet.  This results in Mikhail lying some more.  If you are open to a well told tale you may enjoy this one.
3355 1980's Queens New York City. Josiah has different childhood than most, his father preaches to his followers of the looming Armageddon. Flash-forward 30 years and Josiah returns to his hometown to care for his dying father.  I liked it for the depiction of Queens and the closing chapter. The fabulous review by Ron Charles in the Washington Post led me to order a copy 1 year after it was first published.
3356 This is a book for everyone, male or female,  lesbian or not.  The earlier reviews are spot on true.  To the wonderful stories mentioned by earlier reviewers I would add JM Redmann's  'Lost Daughter', Cameron Abbott's 'Train Tracks', Gabrielle Goldsby's Long Way Home', SX Meagher's 'That Way', Cate Swannell's 'Damaged Good's' and Therese Szymanski's 'Disconnected'.  This is a superior collection of memoir and fiction that should not be missed.  Buy one for yourself and someone you care for.
3357 Old game of "telephone" or "I've got a secret" with bunnies and paper cutout illustrations - all three kids (ages 3, 4 & 6) were delighted and it lead us to play the telephone game ourselves and included their older cousins age 8 & 12 as well as the adults at the Thanksgiving table. Totally delightful.  Sunny makes a list of party preparations, & calls her friends to spread the word. Each call mangles the message a little bit more until the end the message isn't close to being the same: 6pm becomes 6am soccer ball becomes socks and balls Yummy-Plummy Tan Cake becomes Yummy-Tummy Pancakes big blanket becomes big banquet  I first read it in 2000 - good to see it back in print
3358 This is like one of those Saturday movie serials of the 1940's where each of the 85 chapter sleaves our heroes on the brink of danger with the next chapter resolving the predicament rather tidily. Drummond is a retired appliance salesman now suffering from onset from the dreded Alzheimer's. His son Charlie plays the horses, rather poorly, leaving him in debt to the Russian mob to the tune of $20,000.00 dollars. Drummond wanders from his Brooklyn home, Charlie takes him back only to see their home blown to smithereens.  they survive a hail of bullets unscathed. Was it the Mob? If so, they are lousy shots. Drummond temporarily breaks loose of dementia's grip and hot-wires a car (I always suspected appliance salesmen had many skills). the appliance Drummond most recently sold was nuclear detonators to terrorists. they were faulty nuclear detonators. Drummond was a spy he is still an excellent marksman the CIA is concerned that Drummond's knowledge of the "appliance" is dangerous in combination with the Alzheimers. Charlie and Drummond on a wild cross country escape Charlie transform into a chip off the old block  If you enjoyed this, the author's next book `Twice a Spy' should be what you are looking for. Or to get your weekly fix the author is a Huffington Post columnist.
3359 Sometimes all I need is a Jude Deveraux novel to make a day brighter. Iv'e been a fan for over 25 yearsI like the author's characters, the romance and the sense of humor.  Hallie Hartley is a physical therapist, she inherits a house on the island of Nantucket off the coast of Massachusetts (The author lives part time on the island which perhaps accounts for the strong sense of place). One the island is Hallie's newest client is James 'Jamie' Taggert, he is a doctor and a militaryveteran with a PTSD, she is working with him  to overcome a serious leg injury. Jamie's relatives converge on the island for a wedding opening the story up to revisit characters from earlier novels in the series.  The sub plot of her stepsister, Shelly left me cold and kinda alienated Hallie from my affections - Hallie started as a bit of a doormat. I also didn't care for the ghosts no matter how helpful they were in bringing Jamie and Hallie together.
3360 our 6'2" college man loves it. Color is great. At 1.3 pounds weight it is ideal for the older child say 14 and above.  I see him place his cleats (size 13) go in the top ventilated zippered pocket of the bag. You can fit a soccer ball the bottom zippered pocket of the bag. He loads all his other gear, change of clothes etc in the main part of the bag which has two separate compartments. there is a mesh pocket on each side for drinks or keys.
3361 The author is the Agatha-winner of three witty and highly entertaining British cozy mysteries featuring the crusty Cambridgeshire policeman Detective Chief Inspector Arthur St. Just (Death of a Cozy Writer & Death and the Lit Chick), his assistant, Sergeant Fear and his girlfriend the crime novelist Portia De'Ath.  In A FATAL WINTER we meet up for the second time with hunky Max Tudor from the author's new series introduced in 2011 with WICKED AUTUMN (what will spring and summer offer?). In Wicked AUTUMN Max had spent three years in the buccolic village of Nether Monkslip (yes, great name) as vicar of St. Edwold's.  Burned out after a career in M15, the British counter-intelligence agency (quite the career change!). After solving the murder of the (for good reasons) most unpopular woman in town Max looks into the two deaths (Lord Footrustle and Lady Baynard) at Chedrow Castle.  There is a multitude of characters (and thankfully a cast of characters list to help). Maybe that is why I thought the story was a little slow going?  I am on the fence about the romance angle with herbalist pagan Awana. But overall I enjoyed it very much and read it over a weekend.  As I enjoyed this book I have purchased the author's other 4 novels in belief I will like them even more.
3362 Ages 8 to 12. Beautifully told story set in Herbert Hoover depression era southern Appalachia circa 1932.  Our resilient heroine is 11 year old LizBetty Possum Porter, her mother has died in childbirth and the new teacher, a Yankee!, wants her to attend school. Until her mother died she had been home schooled. The story arch takes place over the fall semester and Christmas. The novel is told by Possum which makes it even more delectable. The story spotlights her youthful idealism and who can resist a kid who drink Orange Nehi?. Her friends June May, Tully and stuck-up (now there's a word I have not thought of in decades - lol) Mary Grace round out her life.  Sadly, the debut author passed away while in final edits for this title in 2015.
3363 Perfect for my super thick, super curly, color treated, 50 year old, neck length hair. I never use the distilled water - the oil does such a fabulous job of locking my locks straight without creating split ends. Quick to heat (about 40 seconds). Light weight which is a plus because I have a lot of hair. setting of 300 to 450 degrees - I started om 300 and have kept it at 400 - I think anything higher should be labeled for professionals:  Mfg. Heat Settings    Temp.  Hair Type  300 F Very fine, fragile or damaged hair  340 F Very fine, fragile or damaged hair  375 F Normal, easy-to-straighten hair  410 F Thick, difficult-to-straighten hair  450 F Thick, difficult-to-straighten hair
3364 And the roller-coaster doesn't end for 200 pages. If you are a fan of soap operas you are going to LOVE this. The author can certainly tell a story and pretty darn good at dialogue. I think the only thing that threw me were the strong emotions, everyone had too many of them. Maybe because they are creative people. I went ahead and ordered the author's other titles for fun. The opening chapter begins with:  28 year old motion picture director Hannah awaits the premier of her most important project in her young life In a luxury home overlooking the River Thames in London England .  30 year old Nicole, her adored wife of 5 years, puts on her diamond necklace and reminisces about their relationship that began in college.  Leah is Hannah's personal assistant, Hannah thinks of her as a sister, best friend and therapist rolled into one.  Alisa, Nicole's BFF and Hannah's also has become a reviled outsider to them all. Then tragedy strikes and a web of lies, envy, anger and grief and sadness erupt.  Looking for a little more? Search 'Caught By Love - guest blog by Jade Winters' for the author's own words.
3365 A powerful ending, be prepared to be rocked off your feet.  Someone is murdering the nameless from the streets, after 14 deaths the police have no leads 16 year old Molly is the next target.  In their tree fort, 12 year old's, Tim, Scott, and Luke, see the killer holding a gun to Molly's back and pushing her through the forest. Luke shoots the gunman in the leg with a rifle Scott took from his stepdad.  The police ignore their information, so the boys take on the case.  The story is told from the POV of the Killer, the boys, and detective Van Endel.  We know from the beginning the kidnapper, Hooper, is war vet dementedly searching to replace his long-lost sister who was the same age as Molly.  The author writes one dimensional female characters that are almost caricatures, hopefully that can be adjusted in a next book
3366 Compellingly written and even though it is 300 pages it reads quickly. Seriously I picked it up to take a look and didn't not stop until I finished.  You learn about the author and her family.  You learn about the child and her family. You even get a hard personal look at the birth mother.  You end with a complete understanding of the situation without the Tabloid exploitation journalism.  So glad I went out on a limb and read this.
3367 ... with all the depressing dark elements relentlessly exposed  Ostracized Hungarian gypsy boys `Romas' look for plunder, an abandoned Soviet military base hospital, a Roma law student (Sandor Horvath) future destroyed by prejudice, Hungarian Gypsies in a Copenhagen suburb secretly suffering a deadly plague, a new Mosque in Denmark, a retired building inspector (his wife prone to scams on the elderly), weapons sold on the Internet, Finnish Black Marketers, conspiracy, an Islamic student who may be a terrorist.  Danish (Denmark) Red Cross nurse Nina Borg (The Boy in the Suitcase) plunges into danger to help the persecuted, she also works for a secret organization providing care to illegal immigrants. Married, with a 14-year-old daughter & pre-teen son, her husband works on an oil rig in the North Sea and argues that she spend less time helping others and more raising their children.  wonderful wonderful writing  A Keeper!
3368 Bayfield, Wisconsin and the Apostle Islands. Shelby Meyers has always lived with her grandparents after her mother, Jackie, pursued a career and fame that never happened.  Following the death of her lover when they were in college, Shelby runs the family apple orchard currently struggling though. Wealthy city boy, Ryan Chambers, is Shelby's new love, his family - not so much. You can just imagine the horror when Jackie comes rolling back into town.  I am glad I ordered it, the setting made the story for me.
3369 New to me author - Oh my! did I feel sorry for this immigrant family living in Astoria, Queens NYC. Over 300 pages you learn about the horrible fate of a Greek family (Basil, Livana, Dmitri, Cassandra and Fedor & Niklaus). Just when you think things in the new country are starting to shine it all goes horribly horribly bad, and through no fault of there own. Tragedy after tragedy befalls them. A very exciting ending. And interesting to learn that Blackberry is still the go to tech for the FBI.
3370 I can't read about the descriptive torture of defenseless animals (in this case domesticated dogs).  Italy has collapsed & in chaos. Gruesome depravity, gang rapes and torture are rampant, imagine the boys of the book Lord of the Flies as teenagers. Food supplies are running out.  Government and businesses are closed.  *translation from Italian  A sex scandal ended Leonardo's marriage and career.  His ex-wife, Alessandra, leaves their 17 year old daughter and her step-son with him in the countrsied where he has been working at a vineyard, while she searches for her MIA new husband who was serving in the National Guard - but then she doesn't return.  The reason for the low rating is mainly because I just never bought into the possibility of the extreme depths - it's fear mongering. I need the story to crank it back to make it believable so I can get into the story.  .
3371 Excellent Writing from these authors -  Jane Futcher  Leslea Newman  SDiane Bogus  Willyce Kim  Wendy Caster  Lynne Yamaguchi Fletcher  Molly Martin  Alana Corsini  Michaele MaMarca  Diane Ferry  Donna Marie Nowak  Dorothy Love  Catherine Houser  Rita Speicher  Pam McArthur  Patricia Roth Schwartz  I bought this book because Tee A. Corinne in her anthology `The Body of Love' called it "hip, hot and fun" also saying the editor pushes "behavioral and perceptual boundaries".  From the back of the book - Sometimes intensely sexual, other times subtly romantic, these short stories celebrate lesbian desire in all its forms.  "Not only is the sex frank, but the general spirit is one of reckless adventure -- always good for vicarious thrills". - Voice Literary Supplement  Publisher's Note  - Amidst our differences, all lesbians share one thing: a desire for women. Whether intensely sexual, or subtly romantic, this emotion is always incredibly powerful. These short stories celebrate lesbian desire in all its forms.
3372 Katelynn Crenshaw's fiance is the Valentine killer (who stabs victims through the heart and leaves them holding a red rose - creepy) and  she is running for her life! So glad I am not dating !  Three years go by and she is now using a new name, Katherine Cole. Still, he tracks her to New Orleans where she makes her stand with the help of NOLA Detective Dane Black.  Braking department protocol they become lovers and turns this dark and bloody thriller into an erotic suspense.
3373 Erotic page turner that addresses tough personal issues  I wouldn't call this a romance so much a character study. A really, really erotic and sexy character study.  The two main characters have some serious back story issues to overcome to be whole themselves before they can have a relationship.  I liked Sarah from the get go and liked her even more as the story progressed.  Chandler is a mixed bag. She is a therapist with an interesting specialty.  A lot happens to her in this novel and some things she handles wonderfully and others it is evident she is very young. She makes some interesting choices in pursuing Sarah.  I think they make a good couple and was sad the book ended when it did as I would have liked to explore them as characters longer.  From the publisher's website - Doctor Chandler Brogan's favorite things start with the letter S: Speed, Sex, and as she soon discovers when a cop pulls her over on her motorcycle for reckless driving...Sarah.  Chandler is a clinical psychologist who focuses on  sexual dysfunction, but her professional expertise has never made her personal life any easier. She spends more and more time searching for the ultimate  connection, and when she fails, she escapes on her bike. Officer Sarah Monroe enjoys being in control, so much so that she can't let down her guard enough to achieve the intimacy she secretly craves.  From their first tumultuous meeting, the two women are drawn together in a battle of wills and a fiery sexual dance that neither can turn away from.
3374 The interior is lined. The 4 spinner wheels are top quality. The zipper looks like very good quality and I'll be surprised if it ever fails. The TSA lock is attractive and doesn't deter from the looks with the zipper pulls fitting into the lock to keep it locked. The only disappointment was I could not find this item on the Delsey web page  The jury is out to lunch on how well the 'protective polycarbonate film' will hold up the first year of travel', but seeing it coming off the conveyor belt I loved not having to guess which bag was mine for the first time in my life!  ABS? I didn't know what ABS was before I ordered this but apparently it's a thing. ABS (Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene) is a thermoplastic resin commonly used for injection molding applications. ABS Plastic is a copolymer of Acrylonitrile, Butadiene, and Styrene, and generally possess medium strength and performance at medium cost.
3375 A TOTAL WINNER.  I was completely delighted in the writing.  Mr. Atkins truly has given the reader the heart and soul of the main character Quinn Colson and the small town that has been home to generations in his family. At age 30 Quin has returned to his small town in Missisppi. A retired Ranger with 10 years in the military. He has won elected office as county sheriff (total of 9 deputies).  The author has given us a town loaded with interesting, and unique in their own way, characters.  I really felt like I was given a thriller and a wonderfully literate novel. I am excited for each new reader as they meet senior deputy Lillie Virgil, Boomer also returned from serving in the Middle East, Jean, Caddy, Jason & Uncle Hamp (Quinn's family), Dinah the ATF agent, Skagg (the town's Mr. Potter), and Donnie.  Donnie was such a great character I hope the author brings him in for subsequent novels.  I enjoyed so much I already ordered the first Quinn Colson.
3376 1917 Los Angeles California, teenage runaways inherit a magical legacy abilities to stop time and reverse death.  Kate Witherspoon has lived a bohemian life with her artist parents and wants to be a movie director in the developing business of Flickers.  Midwestern farm boy Julian Birch was crippled in childhood from polio.  My 12 year old was lost at first so I got him the first two books to read (summary are below). He finished all 3 so i will look for moreby this author.  The Vespertine published 2012 (320 pages);  It's the summer of 1889, and Amelia is new to Baltimore, Maryland and eager to take in all the pleasures the city has to offer. But her gaiety is interrupted by disturbing, dreamlike visions she has only at sunset--visions that offer glimpses of the future. Soon, friends and strangers alike call on Amelia to hear her prophecies. But when one of her darkest visions comes to pass, Amelia's world is thrown into chaos. And those around her begin to wonder if she's not the seer of dark portents, but the cause.  The Springsweet published 2013 (300 pages): When seventeen-year-old Zora arrives in the frontier town of West Glory, Oklahoma, to help her widowed aunt, she discovers that she possesses the astonishing ability to sense water under the parched earth. When her aunt hires her out as a "springsweet" to advise settlers where to dig their wells, Zora feels the burden of holding the key to something so essential to survival in this unforgiving land. Even more, she finds herself longing for love the way the prairie thirsts for water. Maybe, in the wildness of the territories, Zora can finally move beyond simply surviving and start living.
3377 how can a FRUITY snack from the estimable Kelloggs have the first two ingredients be CORN SYRUP & SUGAR? At least the 3rd ingredient is APPLE PUREE CONCENTRATE. But then the next ingredient is MODIFIED CORN STARCH  I would ask does the FRUITY snack really need artificial flavor ARTIFICIAL FLAVORS, plus RED 40 and BLUE 1?  The kids aged 3 to 12 loved it. I gave them away as Halloween treats and I could see on their costumed faces they were pleased.
3378 Dorothy Eden, Phyllis Whitney, Mary Stewart, Victoria Holt, Daphne DuMaurier readers should enjoy this psychological, thriller mystery. The resolution was a bit uneven however everything leading up to it keeps you guessing and turning the page for explanation. You realize my the last page that the clues where right in front of your eyes from the beginning.  I am looking forward to the next title from the author.
3379 Disturbingly dark. I wonder who enjoys writing novels where the innocent and helpless are tormented and tortured?  I wonder who enjoys reading novels where the innocent and helpless are tormented and tortured? I didn't enjoy it at all but this author certainly does an excellent job of it. Will try the author again if he writes a plot with a subject matter that makes me feel less sick to my stomache.
3380 I bought this book because one of the stories was written by the outstanding Jane Rule.  I ended up benefiting by reading 29 stories from a satisfying assortment of authors including the terrific -  Emma Donoghue  Anne Cameron  Elise D'Haene  Rebecca Brown  Dorothy Allison  Anna Livia  Marion Douglas  Ali Smith  Also includes excellent author biographies and a brief introduction.  This is a Keeper!  From the back of the book - tales of fumbling twelve-year olds and dying women, lifelong lovers and Don Juans in gold trousers... from an Irish rural pub to the Indian sweet-shops of Vancouver ... from amedieval witch-burning to a future in which same-sex partnership is the new `normality'.
3381 This is a totally unique novel where the characters are one of a kind and unlike any character I have seen in print or on TV.  Laugh out loud humor throughout. The loving is totally hot and tremendously well written.  At over 500 pages the author was able to fully explore the personalities and quirks of the main characters and satisfy every reader's needs.  At the end of the story you wish both characters well and do hope that they live, as the saying, 'Happily Ever After'.
3382 Beautiful, elegant writing.  Brutal and Gritty stories. Very dark and very moving. Murder and marriage, parenthood and death, marriage and alienation. Two of the stories deal with animal abuse so if that is something you can't read make sure to skip over the two stories: Wanle, where a young woman wants to follow in her fathers footsteps as a legendary cockfighter; and "Road to Hana", where a Hawaiian native goes home and a long abandoned dog is seen on the way.  The Old Paniolo Way family members transition on several levels  "This is Paradise" the women of Waikiki tell of a young woman tourist and the dark side of nightlife the island offers.  "Portrait of a Good Father"  was probably the one that almost brought me to tears.  "Thirty-Nine Rules for Making a Hawaiian Funeral into a Drinking Game", Very dark humor -  I think anyone who has gone to a number of Irish wakes will find this a familiar story.  "I love you like a wave loves sand." "Hungrily?" "Powerfully."
3383 Truly non-slip and just under 2 feet by 3 feet, so a great size and the quality in stitching looks expert. My only regret is that it is very thin and wouldn't provide much comfort. I am not sure what the eventual purpose will be but I know I will find one and will let you know. For the time being it is on the couch as an area rug for the kitty.
3384 Successful Welsh psychotherapist Jessica Mayhew, a long-time professional in her 40s, is attracted to her new patient, Gwydion Morgan, an extremely good-looking young actor with a fear of buttons. Giving the story a gothic feel, Jessica travels to the Morgan estate in a grand clifftop mansion overlooking the rocky Welsh coast when Gwydion calls her for help saying he is suicidal.  Gwydion questions his childhood memory of his father, a charismatic stage director & playboy, and the drowning death of the family's Swedish au pair.  Her husband, Bob, coincidentally confesses that he had a one night stand with a younger(!) woman while away on a business trip.  What kept me from loving the story was Jessica herself, she just made one odd decision after another. She came off as unprofessional not having a strong intuition.
3385 Three men & a woman come to reminisce how love changed their life.  Romance and railroads. It's like it was written just for me. My family and my in-laws are all Railroad descendants - my grandfather and great grandfather were engineers on the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad from 1872 to 1932.  I have been delighting in Scottish author Alexander McCall Smith's  writing since the The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels.  From across the former British empire: Andrew is a Scottish college graduate traveling to be with his girlfriend and start a job. English Hugh, in his 20s lives, in Edinburgh and is hoping to find renewed romance in London. David is the American, in his 40s, and was in Scotland on business. Australian Kay is in her 50s is returning was on vacation to the country of her ancestors.  It's not a long book but it is lovely.  Keeper
3386 I really enjoyed this novel from first page to last.  Fabulous location set in Papua New Guinea (PNG), indepth writing, fascinating characters, complex plotting, passionate sex scenes.  The back story for 36 year old Ashleigh 'Ash' Evans is utterly believable and compelling.  I found Charlotte to be vastly interesting and loved how she stood up for her friend Dani. Secondary characters like Tubby Nagle, Bruce the Roo and Nitro really moved the story at a fast pace.  I enjoyed all the details the author offers up to the readers like the tidbit about Michael Rockefeller. And the discovery that Bruce brings to Charlotte was terrific.  I read this wonderfully well written novel in one day and at over 200 pages it was a very satisfying read.  As always with this author the humor is terrific and sometimes laugh out loud.
3387 I was struck from the first page by the difference in word choice and tone, it just didn't seem like the woman in the Aviator's Wife was the same person as AML.  Still it was a nice 'what if'  I find AML a fascianting person, she really is a window on her time.  Diaries and Letters Bring Me a Unicorn:1922-1928, 1971 Hour of Gold, Hour of Lead:1929-1932, 1973 Locked Rooms and Open Doors:1933-1935, 1974 The Flower and the Nettle:1936-1939, 1976 War Without and Within:1939-1944, 1980  North to the Orient, 1935 Listen! The Wind, 1938 The Wave of the Future: A Confession of Faith, 1940. The Steep Ascent, 1944 Gift from the Sea, 1955 The Unicorn and other Poems 1935-1955 Dearly Beloved Chicago, 1962 Earth Shine, 1969
3388 I loved this book.  It's a total feel good read.  The characters are totally committed to each other and their children.  One of my favorite moments was a blow-up between the two characters that leads to remorse and reconciliation.  It was one of the best written scenes in the novel.  I like how the author doesn't shy away from giving the characters major insecurities that aren't resolved after one heart to heart chat.  It's also refreshing to have the characters express their feelings and say what is on their minds.  Nothing is more frustrating as a reader when the characters refuse to clear the air with an adult conversation.  The love is wonderfully erotic while the romance is endearing and the interaction with the children playful.  I'm looking forward to reading the author's next novel.
3389 Best one yet - I loved it. With the tie in to Civil War. Even though this is a series, each book is a stand alone title that can be read out of order.  Krewe of Hunters: Phantom Evil (2011) Heart of Evil Sacred Evil The Evil Inside The Unseen The Unholy The Unspoken The Uninvited The Night is Watching The Night is Alive The Night is Forever The Cursed The Hexed The Betrayed When Irish Eyes are Shining The Silenced The Forgotten The Hidden
3390 and that was exactly what I got. The ending was weaker than the rest of the book so that took my enjoyment down a bit. From the author of the five Ben Tolliver mysteries (now available on kindle). Mongo is an assassin who cleverly murders movie star Catherine Delure (lol, love that name too) and her assistant.  A task force is formed to ID and capture Mongo the murderer. NYPD Det. Jeb Barker doesn't buy that theft is the reason for the killing. He goes to Los Angeles and contacts Delure's secretary Dana Laramie.  My one question, didn't Mongo know that Toyota back seats fold down for extra trunk storage?  Will be picking up the Ben Tolliver series when available at the library.
3391 Utterly absorbing story  This story begins after the happily ever after.  It opens with the beginnings of a relationship after a woman has left her long term marriage for another relationship.  I would have immensely enjoyed reading the beginnings of the romance as it would have provided even more insight into the people themselves.  This was a unique story and am so glad I bought it.  The writing was excellent  It seemed so low key and natural and yet full of emotion.  The characters were so strong and very real.  They make mistakes and some are whoppers!  It's not your typical romance and is quite dramatic.  It's also a real heartbreaker where you feel the emotional turmoil of each character when misunderstandings occur and when it seems everything they wish for might never come to be.  The writing was so excellent that I bought all the author's other novels.  I would love to see the author produce an anthology of short stories that pick up her characters after the last page - you just can't get enough!
3392 The ending was wonderful.  Growing up in New Jersey, Marjorie and Holly Burke are sisters and BFFs.  Children of immigrant Russian's they didn't know growing up that they had Jewish ancestry.  Holly's conversion to Orthodox Judaism to marry Nathan, a Berukhim Penitent, is a huge change for Marjorie especially as she can't stand Holly's husband.  Beloved grandfather Eli has passed away and Marjorie finds written down the stories he would tell them when they were children: The White Magician,  the White Rebbe, the Angel of Losses. - the bonus is the reader reads them in their entirety along with Marjorie.  Then she finds a tragic history of her grandfather that she never knew.  I really enjoyed  the Q&A "A Conversation about The Angel of Losses" on the author's webpage, and learning about the myth of  'The Wandering Jew", of christian religious lore going back to the 13th century, which was new to me (Catholic) .
3393 Ages 12-14. Parents may be put off by the curse words coming out of their kids mouths. Set in Seattle, Washington the Pacific Northwest. 13 year old Anthony has more angst and drama than anyone wants for their child - he is a downer to live with and hates his own life because he wants the freedom that comes with being an adult - NOW.  Anthony rages at the world in a song he writes Every time you tunnel out, you end up against another concrete wall topped with barbed wire and grown-ups in the sentry posts. The song goes viral and so does his life. Anthony keeps pushing the envelope with way too much righteousness. I truly think he is at a point in his life where he needs regular heart to heart talks with his folks.
3394 I agree with all the 5 & 4 star reviews for this debut author. This is a memorable novel from a unique talent. I am afraid too many readers would give up, thinking from the cover design, that this is a romance, it's not a romance. The other issue is the book summary describing Kiana as a functioning alcoholic when she is not. She is an alcoholic who isn't functioning, drunk or sober.  Knowing this, the opening draws you in by starting with a compelling narrative and doesn't let up until the ride is over. Just read the opening chapter and you will sucked into the lives of Kiana, Michelle, Genevieve, Karin and their friends and family. The ending will not disappoint.  For a author interview search "BOLD STROKES BOOKS AUTHOR INTERVIEW with SHEREE GREER", and at WOMEN and WORDS "My First Time, by Sheree L. Greer".  Find more info on the book and author on Facebook page "LET THE LOVER BE".  There is a terrific review by Ridley at "LOVE IN THE MARGINS" published 9/10/2014 titled "Let the Lover Be by Sheree L. Greer".
3395 This is the first LRK novel I have read and now have bought her whole collection - that's how good this novel is. LRK is a terrific writer, no matter what she is writing I imagine I will be riveted, entertained and transported to another world.  I am a huge Sherlock Holmes fan from childhood, the books, the movies, the BBC series and this title is a welcome back to this genre. I really enjoyed Mary Russell's point of view and the delicious & brilliant conversation between the couple are pure yum!  To briefly state the story (takes up right after the previous book): Mary has amnesia in 1924 Fez Morocco a place I have no desire to ever visit so I am happy to live through LRK's imagination. Sherlock goes alookin for the wife and a host of characters are encountered: a mute boy, an Emir, The French General running Morocco, characters from earlier novels and a female English doctor (what are the chances?).  Do I care about the mystery, no. Do I care about how it is solved - yes yes yes.
3396 Batteries included. Do not test drive the alarm inside around your pets as it is freak out LOUD.  If you are ever in an uncertain situation where you want to scare someone or something away from you this is perfect 110 db.  Have been using for 30 days. Very handy at night or in a dark parking garage. We test drove the alarm twice now and still works, so we ordered a second. Will probably order a bunch as stocking stuffers at Christmas for family if they are still going strong in 10 months.
3397 I really loved it, a complex plot with plenty of super turns and surprises. And the atmosphere thick familiarity.  Bravo (great name and wait til you find out how he got it) is educated, intelligent and super cool (think an Italian Steve McQueen). A huge enjoyment was reading Bravo's thoughts (he's a cynic) on the people and world around him. He's an enigma - wait til you find out his full story. And Carla's.  He arranges companions for the rich until a weekend massacre, and then Milan's Mafia, the police, politicians and terrorist Red Brigade are after him to take the fall. The only side the law is on is their own and all are easily corrupted. Bravo can seriously trust no one.  Violence, murder (at one point Bravo escapes even as he was digging his own grave). The novel contains all the best clichs of noir fiction.  A novel that was hard to put down and the end one to savour. The Italian author has 4 crime thrillers translated into English (this was the 2nd book he wrote).
3398 Collins (1824-1889) was popular British novelist writing in the same era as Charles Dickens (n 1851, he met Dickens, and the two became close friends "We saw each other every day, and were as fond of each other as men could be."). His first novel, Antoninia, took place in ancient Rome while his greatest success,  The Women in White, made him a hugely popular author while his title, he Moonstone, is perhaps the first detective novel published in the English language.  His personal was as interesting as his novels. He never married but lived in separate homes with two women, raising a family with one under an assumed name. Suffering from gout for most of his adult life he eventually became addicted to the pain killer of the , laudanum aka opium.  The bio was just the right length without getting boring.
3399 From the premise I was hoping for a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Devil-s-Desire/dp/0380481650/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Devil's Desire</a>&nbsp;but by the end of the first chapter I was bummed out. I would say read the first chapter sample and if it works for you my guess is you will enjoy it because the rest of the book is more of the same. I felt the setting was spot on for time and place so I found that enjoyable. The main characters and their thoughts and dialogue just seemed jarring to me. I thought Grace, for being 26, and head of a household of 7 siblings thought and acted, at times, like a 16 year old.
3400 Published in 2005. I have 4 in the series and each one has been read many many times. This first book covers diversity (Hildy is a pig) and being happy with who you are (Moose loses his antlers and this makes him feel less then he was).  The story and the art work are spot on perfect. My 8 year read it to my 6, 5 and 4 year olds - they all loved it. It's silly and timeless - I loved it too.
3401 17 year old Noemi is a warrior on Earth's planet colony of Genesis. Earth is an ecological disaster and becoming uninhabitable. The people of Genesis fear Earth's inhabitants will immigrate to Genesis and eventually destroy Genesis the same way. The result is war which could have the same result.  Abel, is like the machine's in the movie series the Terminator.  Abel is programmed to follow Noemi's commands. Abel is also evolving much like the cyborg's of the TV series Galactica.  Noemi and Abel go on an adventure much like the TV series Farscape.  Our 15 year old loved the suspense and the characters.
3402 The author captures Colorado in all it's varied hues. I really enjoyed the prose, the story and will look for this author again. A very impressive novel.
3403 I can not say enough good things about this intense novel. This book should be required reading in colleges and universities, and I would say High Schools. Awareness can give those who suffer hope, give understanding of true suffering and strength to outsiders, and perhaps shame those would hurt the defenseless.  I bought this book because the author's other books `Skin' and `Trash' are spotlighted in the anthologies `Courting Pleasure' and `Lovers: love and sex stories' by Tee A. Corinne. I enjoyed them both tremendously and sought out this book.  From the back of the book - Greenville County, South Carolina, a wild, lush place, is home to the Boatwright family--rough-hewn men who drink hard and shoot up each other's trucks, and indomitable women who marry young and age all too quickly. At the heart of this astonishing novel is Ruth Anne Boatwright, known simply as Bone, a South Carolina bastard with an annotated birth certificate to tell the tale. Observing everything with the mercilessly keen eye of a child, Bone finds herself caught in a family triangle that will test the loyalty of her mother, Anney. Her stepfather, Daddy Glen, calls Bone "cold as death, mean as a snake, and twice as twisty," yet Anney needs Glen. At first gentle with Bone, Daddy Glen becomes steadily colder and more furious--until their final, harrowing encounter, from which there can be no turning back.
3404 loathed the result. I guess the author and I had different idea on where this premise could go, lol!  I don't want to give the whole story away. Perhaps I can say this, I was looking for a more introspective, kinder, more personal story then what was given.  Your miles may very as many many people appear to love it.
3405 This Jersey Girl who loves a good historical or Romance or Historical Romance, enjoyed it. It played out pretty much as I expected. A bit of eye rolling at the actions the sisters take in finding their half-brother in NYC but rather fun if you can suspend your disbelief.
3406 This basic white toaster has all the features I want. Bagel? Check! Defrost? Check! Reheat? Check! Toast? Well, of course. And if I needed it, I could get this in a four slice model, but for our two-person office, we only need a small unit. I keep a toaster and a microwave in our break room, which is basically a small kitchen table in the back room. The utilitarian look works fine with our equally basic white microwave and is just what I wanted.  Update: I liked this toaster so much, I am banishing my old one to the office and using this at home. It really works well. I love the "cancel" button right below all the others--right up front when you need to prevent toast from burning. Slots are wide enough for homemade bread, sliced thick. This is really a terrific, no frills but totally functional toaster. The only issue I find is that the "dark" setting isn't all that dark on English muffins. However, I've had it for quite some time and I like the compact size and simple-to-use controls.
3407 If you look for twine in the grocery store, it's either missing or you can be mixed up and get a polyester twine that isn't butcher's twine. This happened to me--picked a small skein off the shelf in the hardware section of the store and it was not cotton, it was plastic. Needless to say, you can't use that on a roast. You need either linen or cotton. This ball of twine unrolls from the center and is useful for trussing up roast chicken, making rolled roasts or even tying up bags of cheesecloth or bouquet garni herb bundles.  If you don't know how to truss a chicken, you can view a video on the web by Michael Ruhlman. He gives a good method and the reason for trussing; holding the legs and wings near the body keeps the breast moist and prevents the air from drying and cooking the legs faster than the rest of the chicken.
3408 Hard to find 21" pockets, which I need for my mattress. I didn't check this previously when ordering "deep pocket" or even "extra-deep pocket" sheets and it's quite annoying to have the sheet pop off at night. And it gets worse with every wash.  These sheets are 110 GSM microfiber and feel soft and silky. White the crisp, cool feel of "Egyptian Cotton" at more than 600 threads per inch is nice, microfiber is more affordable.  I ordered CALIFORNIA KING which includes a flat sheet: 106 in wide x 102 in long; a fitted sheet: 72 in x 84 in x 21 inches deep.  2 pillows: 20 in x 40 in.  which are the extra long cases.  The green color is a darker sage green, the color of willow leaves.
3409 Don't think this book is just for knitting bedspreads in white cotton like Grandmom had on her bed in Topeka. No indeed, though you'd be lucky to own such a heirloom and be even more lucky to decide to make one. You can use these squares and edgings for so much more. For example, the squares can be made into frons of sweaters and tunics for very original textured effects. Of course they also make good afghans from thicker wool. Or pillows. You choose, there are so many options. I like looking at the squares just for the inventiveness and incredible variety. This is one of my all-time favorite knitting books for getting design inspiration.
3410 This is an adorable book--die cut to look like a stocking hat. And there is enough variety to please most knitters, with headbands, toques, berets and such. I found the designs less than inspiring, but the patterns can be adapted to your own tastes. In short, not an essential book, but a great gift for a knitter, and a good book to have if you like a lot of hat patterns on hand.
3411 Tried air poppers; blech, styrofoam pellets would taste about as good. Microwave corn; too much salt and "butter" in the packets, plus they cost a lot. Popping in a saucepan on the stove; horrible to clean afterwards and it burns. Microwave poppers; don't get me started.  THIS is the one. The first one I had was in the dorm in college (one with the yellow bowl.) I think we bought it together for the whole floor. And this is still the best popper on the market, decades later.  It does make a difference if you use GOOD popcorn (you know the one I mean, Mr. R's best) and at least FRESH popcorn. And the  touch of oil used in the popping makes the popcorn taste wonderful. We sometimes use olive oil for a special taste treat. Anyway you pop it, this is a great device.
3412 I love these mesh baskets: I have one set in silver, but the bathrooms are black and white, as is the den, so black mesh looks really great with my dark furniture theme. The one downside is they don't look good with liners but for a stylish trash receptacle that matches mesh desk accessories or just looks modern sitting on the floor, these can't be beat. And I just love three sold together. I literally spend 15 minutes last week in a big box store, trying to find 14" waste baskets and they'd have one in one style, one in another but not three of any one thing that looked decent. This is just what I wanted.
3413 Knitting need not be sweaters, socks or scarves. How about knitting something for the home or a toy for your child? This book has an amazing assortment of non-garment designs like pillows, lampshades and toys. It also has accessories (bags, hats, socks, mittens) for kids. GREAT for gifts. Who doesn't need a cute bag or another pair of mittens? Knitting for the home and knitting accessories is a lot of fun and brings out the creativity. You can use up mixes of yarns you bought for the exciting colors or textures, but that you had no idea how to use. If you combine these patterns with embellishments, you can reuse these patterns and make new creations with added fringe, cord,applique or embroidery (check out Knitted Embellishements by Nicki Epstein--you can do celtic knotwork with i-cord) If you like this kind of knitting, you might also  Shangold's Design Source book of Home Decor, Nicki Epstein's Knitting for your Home, or Erika Knight's Comforts of Home.
3414 I already am a fan of the Foreman (Salton) grill, which does a chop or chicken breast or salmon steak and removes a lot of fat. The contact cooker is a small roaster that works on a similar principle: two heated sections and a hole to drain the collecting fat and liquid. The roaster is about the size of a small football helmet. The roaster includes a small oval pan for stewing (collects the juices and blocks the drain hole.) This makes it more versatile. It has a timer, since you are roasting larger objects and this can take an hour or two. Our first trial was a roast chicken, using a modified recipe included with the cooker. We added Red Bliss potatoes and put an olive oil and garlic seasoned mid sized chicken in to roast. This took one hour. The kitchen stayed cool and the roast was juicy. The fat from the skin drained almost as soon as the cooking started. If you like to roast meats or fish, and you don't want to heat the entire oven or you live in a studio apartment, this is a great device.
3415 This coffee was blended, according to Starbucks, to be more mellow, brighter blend of coffee, and it seems to be generally high in South American coffees such as Columbian and Brazilian. These coffees are very aromatic and rather acid. This blend, however, seeks to achieve the smoothness of a donut-shop or diner type coffee, a general American blend and at the same time, retain some of the darker qualities of Starbucks. So it's not a LIGHT roast, it's a medium roast and still somewhat robust, but very smooth.  The coffee is said to have overtones of nuts and cocoa, and I can definitely taste that. The blend is more acidic than I prefer. It is not as dark as the Sumatra or my particular favorite, the French roast. It is definitely brighter.  If you like a more acidic, more typical "diner" coffee, this blend will please you. For me, I prefer the European style dark roasts and more of the African or Indonesian flavors to Central or South American. So I don't particularly care for it. But it has been a success, bringing a more middle American flavor to the market.
3416 I like the combination of electronics, woodwind and plucked string sound of this musical duo. I bought the CD because I had sampled "Pastorale" on the double-CD Narada Decade set. The woodwinds are interesting in particular, a mix of oboe, clarinet, or even ocarina, all electronically enhanced and unique in sound. If you like music by Lorenna McKennitt, Enya, or a kind of combination of folk-classical mixed with a dash of Celtic, you will love this CD. The sonority should appeal to you if you do like music of that type.
3417 This is not a painting how-to book. Making Pearls is Vermont artist Jeanne Carbonetti's attempt to verbalize her creative exercises she uses and teaches for her free style of watercolor. If you are a fan of Carbonetti's paintings, there are many photos of her work in this book to drool and marvel over. There is one useful exercise--making a "creation cycle" using the seven colors based on the India Chakras. Her theory is that we are always within the cycle of creation and need to recognize  where we are in the cycle to be in rhythm with the flow. If you can't take one of her workshops, using this book can lead you through the exercise. Why "Making Pearls" as a title? This is a metaphor for taking irritations of daily life and making something beautiful from them, just as the oyster takes a grain of sand and creates a pearl.
3418 These stories are true treasures. While the BBC series is amusing, these stories are far more personal. You get to met Dr. Herriot (a pseudonym for James Alfred Wight) who starts as a young veternarian just out of school and joins a country practice. Cows get the better of him, the local Yorkshire farmers one-up him, he gets his car inevitably stuck in the mud and yet prevails as a caring, resourceful vet who loves his quirkly rural clients as much the animals he cares for. He also writes with such laugh-outloud humor and self-deprecation you just wish the book would go on and on. Fortunately, he wrote four more of these books (each named for a line in a hymn) and a memoir of his father, in whose practice he began. They really give you the flavor of rural life in England before and after WWII. I can't believe these stories are 30 years old, and Dr. Herriot has passed on. Thankfully he left this legacy behind for us to savor. These are books to re-read on dreary days with a cup of tea or just when you really need something to lift your spirits.
3419 While I still take my bike to an expert to have it reconditioned and buffed up, this book is handy for small jobs like adjusting brakes and tuning up the derailleur.  While I still think it'd be best to have a course or a DVD on bike repair, this is a sort of must-have in your tool box for understanding basic tasks. It replaces my ancient manual on 10-speeds (which I had to decommission when I gave away my old Motobecane.) I'd recommend this for anyone buying a combo or mountain bike with the proviso if you are going to do all your own repairs, you'd probably need more than this. A good start, and a good shelf reference to have.
3420 I read another Amazon review on this book and it convinced me I needed to read it (thanks, digsblues!) As soon as I started reading this book, I was struck by the practical aspect of the advice--here are ideas you can use immediately. I started making notes on my Kindle in the chapter about how to organize to donate, sell or decide to keep items to declutter. The advice on how to go room by room and not get overwhelmed was also good. There were so many good ideas, I kept on making notes.  The authors downsized their home to be able to travel. They used the funds from decluttering to fund part of the cost. So they've done what they recommend. I kept a log of what I sold and was surprised that even though it's not as easy to dispose of items anymore (people are not spending as much, it would seem, on Craigslist and Ebay) I still made a tidy amount enough to upgrade a necessary fix in the house and at the same time, lose some clutter. That was helpful! So I think this books is practical and anyone can use it.
3421 These tunes are very familiar-sounding, not sure why, as I don't think I ever heard this CD before. The guitar is soft, and ambient sounds such as ocean waves are used in some of the songs.  This is very professionally-produced music, sounding quite polished but not, hmm,well, how do I put this, music fans, this is not major "ART" with a capital "A" and so forth. This is kick-back, have-a-glass-of-chardonnay, chill-out-before-bedtime music. To that end, I recommend this CD for relaxation uses--kids will love this, massage therapists will rejoice, quiet lovers will like it, and sleepers who face a white night might like this in their bedside CD player. It's good dinner music--nothing to jar the diner and provides a quiet atmosphere.  I did like two songs particularly "Listening" and "Summer, Spring, Winter, and Fall" which were very meditative and slow. This is a fine background CD.
3422 This is a helpful book that lists the flavors that compliment various wines. It's dead on. For example, I usually serve a Sauvignon Blanc with Arroz con Pollo. This dish has a lot of green olives, and Sauvignon Blanc particularly goes well with green olives. You'd think a light, acidic wine like a Chilean Sauvingon Blanc would only go with fish and not with a heartier chicken casserole, but the olives are the link. The book explains how peppery, fruity Zinfadels go with barbecue or spicy Asian food.  The only thing missing is Malbec, a newer wine craze out of Argentina. But even so, the book helped me decode that wine/food pairing. Malbec reminds me of Zinfandel, minus the pepper. It has a bitter component, smoke, and jammy fruit. And a lot of tannin. So barbecue and meats, and spicy things go with Malbec.  If you can't figure out what wine to serve with what cuisine, this book can help you figure it out. There are recipes and wine recommendations as examples to guide you.
3423 Hey, watch tv and put on one of the reality shows or better yet, one with a studio audience. Closely watch someone not "professionally" dressed by a studio maven. The same person can look pounds thinner and better if they put on the right clothes.  This book has ideas on shoes, hair, accessories and colors. Black does NOT necessarily make you look thin, for example. If you have a trouble spot (a thick waist, for example), sweaters that end right at the waist are just going to point like a huge neon sign to your less-than-ideal parts.  If you are planning a job interview and you just haven't gotten around to that makeover and spa treatment, I'd suggest you pick a copy of this book up right away.
3424 Want to know more than just how to stir-fry tofu? This book has just about everything you'd want to know about that bland little block, including the history and manufacture of tofu. It even tells you how to make it yourself. Well, I tried it and got perfectly fine tofu (and a heck of a lot of okara, the bean residue left from straining the soymilk.) I nearly destroyed the kitchen, but it was fun and I learned to appreciate going to the store and buying a refrigerated pack. If you don't care to try tofu in its Japanese guise (they even eat it cold with a dash of soy sauce) then you can try scrambled tofu. This is a real God-send for people who mustn't eat eggs and who miss a good mushroom omelet. And did you know there were so many kinds of tofu, from kinugoshi, which is custard-like and can be used to make a good pumpkin pie, to extra-firm, which can be barbecued with sauce (just the thing if you have a summer grill party and can't serve meat. Grill some eggplant, zucchini, corn and tofu instead.) Not every recipe in this book is useful for everyone (yuba, or the dried skin of soymilk) sounds yummy but is not found outside of good Chinese groceries in urban centers. However, this book will give you new ideas to use tofu.
3425 This is an AMAZING tool. The four fork-like blades are inserted around the crown of any weed (especially DANDELIONS). Then you step on the pedal and pry up the weed. The blades dig in and then GRIP the crown, allowing you to pull out the root of even tough nasty weeds. And if the weed is a prickly weed, you don't have to wear gloves to pull it. This is the best gift for ANY gardener and you will love it. I adore this thing.
3426 1. High carbon steel seasons well (a process by which you impregnate the steel with a layer of oil.) Follow the directions. 2. Never wash a wok with detergent or put it in the dishwasher. We scrub ours out with coarse salt and follow with hot water, a swipe of a paper towel and then a bit of cooking oil. 3. The flat bottom isn't traditional but if you have an electric stove, it's required (the wok ring and round bottom don't work as well on electric stoves. To cool the wok, remove from the electric element; for gas, just adjust the gas level.) 4. The handle is also not traditional but handy and well made. In short, you can't find a better wok. High carbon steel WON'T rust if you take care of it according to directions. And it cooks better than non-stick surfaces, which should not be heated as hot.
3427 A trip to the Goodwill for an old chair or tablecloth can yield some interesting projects from "Simple Home."  Organdy cloth with pendants of six simple crystal beads makes a pretty tablecloth for a window harvest table. Crackle paint takes a chair from shabby to shabby-chic and a monogrammed natural linen or cotton tablecloth is transformed into a window blind.  There are quite a few curtain header ideas here, from button tabs to using nautical hardware (grommets, yachting shackles) to make headers that are real stand-outs. And the cushion covers are simple to sew but creatively designed to get the most out of a simple idea such as a double flange with the color peeking out of the inside of the flange layers, or tie tabs instead of buttons or velcro.  If you can do ordinary sewing and are only minorly handy, these patterns should be entirely do-able--and very effective all but the most formal decorating styles.
3428 Charles Jansen wrote a classic of light backpacking. Though this book is dated, it has a lot of good basic information for the minimalist hiker or camper.  What's dated are the materials of camping; tents have gotten cheaper and lighter with new nylon materials and flexible tent frames. Ditto the backpacks and Gore-Tex has revolutionized boots and outerwear.  What's still good is the basic camping advice and the ideas for packing meals out of dehydrated or concentrated foods. Charles and his family took many family vacations in the woods and left a minimal impact with simple walking in and out and carrying what they needed. If you like to hike and camp, this is still a great book to use for basic camping know-how.
3429 This is a bath rug made of cotton, with a squooshy feel to it. ("Squooshy" is my portmanteau word, meaning squishy and cushy. It's not yet in the Oxford English Dictionary but Urban Dictionary is a step in the right direction, isn't it?)  The color of the "cool brown" is a light to medium taupe. I would not even call it brown. It's taupe. The ribs make it look like a rug and not a burlap sack that someone dropped on the floor, so it's presentable. My guest bath is done in tan, white and brown, so it works nicely in front of the vanity. The size is not huge--17" by 24", so it will fit in a smaller bathroom, in front of a shower stall or a bathtub. If you want a huge rug for a large bathroom main area, this isn't going to do it.  It feels very nice underfoot. The pile is quite thick. It doesn't skid, and the cotton is very absorbent, which is what you want when you suddenly fly out of the tub, dripping wet, to answer the phone and find out it's a robocall to survey your voting plans.
3430 Of the two Sylvia's books, this is definitely the prize. Sylvia collects recipes from friends, family and neighbors, and writes nostalgically about picnics, church events and fun serving soul food. Sylvia founded a wonderful restaurant business in Harlem, NY and in Atlanta, Georgia. She reveals some of her secrets to soul food here. But the recipes are deceptively simple and unless you grew up on great soul food (I did not) you might have trouble to reproduce the complexity of flavor. Like Cajun cooking, soul food seems to be based on experience and a honed sense of taste for seasonings that defies documentation. But you can try, and this is a fine book for recipes, especially for chicken and for vegetables like limas and greens. Mmmmmmm.
3431 Sherry vinegar is made from sherry wine, aged in wood at least 6 months. This doesn't say what kind it is, but it's not terribly sweet but very nice and complex. You use this in various soups to pick up the flavor or as salad dressing with olive oil. I like it sprinkled on salads with a dash of good oil. Milder than cider vinegar, not as heavy as balsamic and not as light as rice vinegar.
3432 This is without a doubt one of the funniest sea movies ever. Yet it got mediocre reviews when it came out. Kelsey Grammer plays a renegade sub captain who gets his first command,not on a nuclear sub, but on a horrible old mothballed diesel rustbucket, destined for scrap after some war games that his enemies hope will finally deep-six his less-than-illustrious naval career.  But Captain Dodge (Grammer) has a lot of tricks up his sleeve. He even gets the best from his mutinous crew and by the pirate scene rolls around(it's priceless) you might find that you are slumped on the couch, laughing your keester off. Because, that's what happens to me every time I hit that scene. I just fall off the couch, screaming with laughter. When I first saw this film, I liked this one so much, I rewound the (yeah, VHS) tape and played it all over again right then and there.  Yeah, it's another submarine film (I can't resist them!) and this one is...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED--and now it's available on DVD and download, so I can update from VHS at last!
3433 If you want to make your own magnetic strips, this magnetic-particle plastic strip is a good buy. Some uses include making your own palettes for paint with pans (putting the magnet on the bottom of the pan and putting the pans inside tins) and hanging up art. You can laminate a favorite picture by your child and glue one of these strips to the back for permanent display on your refrigerator. The strip is on the back and doesn't obscure the artwork.
3434 Dr. Ronald Chase gives us a unique view of schizophrenia. He's a neuroscientist, so he's able to understand the disease from the scientific aspects, and his own brother suffered from this terrible illness. In alternate chapters, we see the tragedy of a disease that steals a person's personality and replaces it with incomprehensible behavior harmful to oneself and others, and then the history and scientific research on this disease. Mental illness is, still in the year 2014, almost as misunderstood as it was in the days of the lunatic asylums where madmen were chained and treated like wild animals. We still have so little grasp and ability to anything but treat the symptoms that society tends to blame the victims (because schizophrenia causes aberrant behavior, not lumps, rashes or tumors.)  The book throws a tragic light on the progress that has been made-- Freudian analysis that blamed bad mothering as the cause of schizophrenia (as in autism) seems almost improbably these days, but when I was a student in the 70's, these theories were foremost. Science and medicine has moved past those theories, but Dr. Chase points out the flaws in current studies as well. A revealing book. Recommended.
3435 I'd been lusting after a Leatherman Micra for a while (I have a collection of pocket knives and I am perpetually on a quest for the Perfect Folding Utility Knife.) Is this The ONE? The patented design includes a fold-out pliers--you bend down the two sides and out pops a very useful set. And there are two wire cutters--one for hardened wire and one for soft. The blades include a pretty good saw (I used it to gnaw off a small centimeter-thick dead branch on a tree.) Here's a complete list of the tools:  Needlenose Pliers Straight Knife Wire Cutters Hard-Wire Cutters Extra-Small Screwdriver Small Screwdriver Med / Lrg Screwdriver Phillips Screwdriver Lanyard Attachment Saw Awl Serrated Knife Diamond File Ruler  I keep this little gadget in my pocket all the time at home, to take care of this and that around the house and also to prevent my spouse from swiping it. His eyes gleamed when I unpacked it, but I'm keeping it.
3436 This rotary mat is so much thicker than others. It lies flat, it's double sided (marked cms on one side, inches on the other.) On the inch side, there are angle lines (30, 45 and 60 degrees.)  The mat is 17x23 (it says 18X24 inches and that's the outer dimensions, but the inch measurements on the mat are 17x23, so that's the usable dimensions.)  You can cut on it with rotary cutter or Exacto knife and it's "self-healing" meaning the cuts seal up.  By the way, it says "Not from China." It's made in Taiwan.  Love that it lies so flat. Just the right size for quilting. Item received in exchange for evaluation and review.
3437 This is a combination of two books by the author, covering the essential principles of form and design in a textbook style. It won't inspire the artist, but does provide technical information that can be useful, especially for computer graphics artists. The 3-D content of the book is less complete than the 2-D, and the pictures are primarily black and white. Visually and text-wise, this book is boring, but it may provide valuable technical information for those that are delving into the principles of design on computer.  It's helpful for visalizing typical design usages like similarity, anomoly, gradation, radiation and rotation--with black and white shaded illustrations showing progression of design.
3438 This sleigh bell is a great addition to your caroling group. Singing "Winter Wonderland" or "Jingle Bells" is fun but the sleigh bells adds a great dimension to the sound of a caroling group. If you haven't gathered your friends or family at Christmas time and gone around the neighborhood wassailing, you are missing some old fashioned fun.  This is the 16 bell version; there is a slightly more expensive, but better-sounding 24 bell version. If you have just one in the group, I'd suggest 24. If several people are shaking bells, the 16 adds a lot of richness in multiples.
3439 This is the utensil you use when stir-frying in a wok. If you get a steel wok (not a non-stick version) you'll need a spatula-like utensil to flip and stir the food as you cook it. Unlike a spoon, the spatula shape allows you to flip the pieces. It can also be used to turn the food out of the wok into a serving bowl (I bought steel Chinese restaurant covered dishes on feet years ago in a restaurant supply shop. They keep the food hot and look great on the table.) The long handle is useful to keep your hands at a safe distance from the sizzling hot oil. If you get a wok, buy one of these. If you are using a tabletop non-stick electric wok, don't use it. You'll need a non-melting non-metal version (wood or high-temperature resistant plastic) instead.
3440 Not a chronological autobiography, "My Several Worlds" is exactly that--Pearl Buck, born in the US, raised in China, tells us about her life abroad and at home. Her missionary parents took her to China as a small child, and she traveled the world later. She only hints at very personal and painful events: the birth of her daughter with PKU (Phenylketonuria, a disease that causes retardation if not controlled with a special diet--unknown at that time) and a divorce as well. We do learn about the founding of her Amerasian orphan adoption agency, placing the unwanted children of Korean women and American soldiers, about her Nobel Prize for "The Good Earth", and about life in China from the end of the Boxer Rebellion and the reign of the Dowager Empress Tzu Hsi to the republic of Chiang Kai-Shek before the Communist Revolution. If you have read any of Pearl Buck's novels, this is a must-read to provide valuable background for the author's life.
3441 Good book for vegan "burgers." Plenty of options from beans. lentils, vegetables to bulgur wheat. So there is something for everyone. If you are having vegan guests and you're not a vegetarian or vegan, you can search through the recipes, find what sounds good to you--or what you have on hand, and whip up an acceptable entree for anyone vegan.  I particularly like black bean burgers. Almost a smoky flavor and really good for you.
3442 This is a nicely heavy pounder with a good, grippy handle. If you are making schnitzel, chicken marsala, or any pounded-out cutlet, this will do the job. It is easy to clean as the surface is smooth, shiny chrome.  Here is my recipe, using this pounder, for Chicken Piccata.  2 boneless chcken breasts, sliced across to make two thinner ones juice of one lemon capers butter olive oil flour  Pound the chicken between 2 sheets of wax paper. Dust with flour. Saute in a mixture of oil and butter in a nonstick pan. When chicken is done, remove to a heated plate. Add in the lemon juice and capers and deglaze pan. Pour over chicken. Season to taste with salt and white pepper.
3443 M.F.K. Fisher was a superb writer. And she lived in "interesting times" in Europe and California. How to Cook a Wolf pitted her inate love of food and cuisine against some severe times when money might be short or food was rationed. Her strange sense of humor and practical outlook are interesting; for example, she gives a recipe for a sludge to keep body (if not soul) alive. The instructions begin with borrowing 50 cents to buy the ingredients; hamburger, wilted vegetables. The resulting mush can be used as a nutritious dog food, or a staple to survive on. She even claims it can be quite acceptable fried as scrapple, but then you'd have to have some cooking fat (and even that could be hard to come by.) In these times of plenty, it's hard to relate to this book except to read Fisher's ideas and fantastic prose; the section on "Sue" (really California artist and etcher Nel Coover) who survived and entertained her guests with wild ice plants, seaweed and stolen eggs and potatoes is captivating. If you have never read any M.F.K. Fisher, start with "The Measure of My Powers", but if you have read her, and if you have developed a taste for her marvelous writing, this is one of her famous works that is unique and interesting.
3444 These refills fit a favorite little pen that is not made any more. I must use it a lot (a Zebra "Fitt") because I've refilled it several times.
3445 Our 16 year old Maine Coon was a stray, probably a breeder runt. We found her starving in the New Hampshire woods. That was a long time ago. We've continually fed her on Science Diet for years. Now as a senior kitty, she gets this formula and the vet thinks she is 8 years old and we have to show him proof that she's a lot older than that. She still runs around, jumps and though she sleeps a lot like older cats do, her eyes are bright, her fur thick and she looks great. We feed our cats ONLY Science Diet and we give them filtered water. We swear by this food for pets.
3446 Gorgeous nature artwork. The frog is exceptional. Agnew's rendering of translucent animal skin, dewdrops and leaves is miraculous, but you won't learn how exactly to airbrush those types of things. How the works get from roughed-in ideas to detailed airbrushed plant foliage is NOT well-documented here. If you want to learn how to do detailed airbrushing, this is not the book for you. But if you want to be inspired by some great technique and learn some of it (for example, how to do translucent effects) this book is excellent.
3447 I have another of the Delta  faucets in the exact same shape (no touch H20) and it's a joy to use. The plumber remarked it's the same one he uses at home. The "cruet" shape is modern but works in a traditional style kitchen which mine is.  The brushed stainless body and neck is beautiful and the pull-down head is convenient for washing the sink, filling a water filter container and filling pots. The spray is activated by a button on the side. The touch is handy if you have hands sticky with dough or are otherwise dirty.  I had a plumber install it--plumbing is sadly not my forte. If you are good with plumbing repairs yourself, you can do it but that's something outside my abilities.
3448 "Edge of the World" bills itself as "Cross-cultural vibes, where roots, rock and dance music connect." That's just right, but until you listen to the CD, what does this mean? "Edge" offers pop music from Cameroon, Mexico, London, India, Spain, the Middle East, all with a dance-beat that is jazzy and definitely not strange to the ear. I liked nearly every cut, but some notes on the ones that really pleased my ear: #4, from Los de Abajo (Those From Below) "El Loco" is is a rock/ska/reggae/ blend with political overtones to the lyrics. #6 Terry Hall and Mustaq mixes Klezmer with something like Algerian Rai and Gypsy music. This is a gem--fusion that makes crazy sense. #8 Blues guitarist Justin Adams played with Sinead O'Connor among others. He goes to Mali, that hotbed of delicious African music, for inspiration in bluesy, moody "Out of the Woods." #9 Peret & Mauel Malou & Nilo mix Rhumba and African rhythms. If you like Nuevo Flamenco or that African-Latin fusion, this is a fine example. And .....#10, my absolute favorite on the album, "Distance!" an addictive march with lead by Chinese Pipa lute player Wu Man, who blends in the digeridoo and (take a deep breath) the banjo. Does that sound weird? Trust me, It rocks!  Worth the entire album for this crazy-Chinese-American-Australian mix that even has (I think) some Tuva or Mongolian type overtone singing thrown in for texture. Pipa artist Wu Man has recorded with Philip Glass, Yo-Yo Ma and the Kronos Quartet. More of this, please! All in all, a stunning collection for the world music and fusion afficionado. Highly recommended!!
3449 This little percussion instrument makes a resounding TICK-TOCK when hit on each side. This is a great idea for participatory play. Put on a cd or play a song about clocks (My Grandfather's Clock is one) and have the children keep time or put in the Tick Tock at the right time in the song. Engaging the senses in learning makes kids learn better and faster. Fun for the entire family. Great for home schooling.
3450 Nancy Nix-Rice introduces the concept of "clothes capsules" in her book "Looking Good." These are sets of your existing clothes (or helped out with items you might want to purchase.) These are tops that go with slacks, skirts, the accessories. You put them together in your closet and never have to say "I don't have anything to wear." You also can learn to purchase items (even those tempting bargains) that fit with the capsules. But that isn't all that is in here. There is scarf-tying help, accessory advice, color advice for your complexion, make-up advice including a face chart, sewing information, mending, clothes and fabric care, renovation and remodeling out-of-style clothes, and how to pick the proper clothes to flatter any figure. And I mean ANY. She has photos that are astonishing, showing how even someone with a very full figure can instantly improve the very same outfit by using a buckle, the right color stockings and the right hem length. Just about anything you'd need to know about keeping your wardrobe up to date and flattering to you is in this book.
3451 This is one of the most intelligent and interesting books on Hopper I've read. And I have a good-sized collection of books on this American artist because he's my favorite. Not only are there rarer paintings and etchings in here not often included in coffee table books on Hopper, but author Kranzfelder shows his influence on photography, and shows the influence of other artists (notably Degas) on Hopper. Kranzfelder puts paintings and photos on one page, and the particular example of Hopper's work on the other so you can see the comparison side by side. The text is also interesting and full of rare facts and a good analysis as well. If you want a great book about Hopper's work, this is one of the best I have seen. HIGHLY recommended.
3452 Victoria Finlay has ALREADY led an interesting life, from the hints we get throughout her book. Raised for a while in India, a British citizen living in Hong Kong, she is educated in art and is a fearless traveler. She tracks down the ancient pigments at their source; lapis from Afghanistan, Indian yellow from a rural area near Kolkata, ochre from the Arhemland of Australia and orange from the mystical varnishes of Cremona, Italy. I was particularly thrilled to learn the story of the itinerant stained glass makers of the great cathedrals of Europe, who moved from town to town as needed in the construction, and lived in camps near the edge of the forests, keeping their recipes for glass color a trade secret. Every now and then, I found some of the prose was a bit convoluted; I had to untangle a couple of sentences and there were, as other reviewers pointed out, some errors that could have been caught (for example "Blutenweiss" is translated as "blood white" (blut does mean blood) which makes NO sense, but if you realize it is "blossom white" (bluten are blossoms) it is quite clear what the word really meant. Despite those quibbles, I read the entire book, totally enthralled and I think this is a must-read for anyone interested in art or painting. Absolutely fascinating and one of the most adventurous art books I've ever read.
3453 I have to confess to being ambivalent about green tea. Normally, I drink herbal tea with no sweetener, or I occasionally drink a cup of black tea. But green tea, despite its health benefits, is not my favorite.  However, add STRAWBERRY flavoring to green tea and you really have something. Strawberries add a light fruity acid to the tea and natural sweetness, so this takes away some of the tannic bitterness of green tea.  Green tea has antioxidants, 1 cup of tea has the equivalent antioxidant properties of 2 apples. Strawberries have phenols --primarily anthocyanin, the colored components of fruits that also provide health benefits. But mainly, strawberries here add a great flavor.  If you don't like green tea as a beverage, try fruit-scented tea like this one. It may change your mind. This tea is organic as well, so definitely it's worth your while.
3454 A bunch of crazy Finns are invited for a big celebration for Dear Leader in the Hermit Kingdom, North Korea. Being Finnish, Juha Kurvinen, doesn't lack "sisu" (which is Finnish for "crazy bravery.) Sure, he'll go --this guy juggles running chainsaws (and coolly, with "sisu" tells the reader, oh, it's far safer when they're RUNNING, because you have better balance from the centrifugal force.) Of course, the anticlimax is that no one knows what a chainsaw is, in North Korea, because they cut down trees with axes or two-man saws (if they are really well-equipped.) When you get outside of the for-show capital of Pyongyang, the country is as Third-World as it gets. Sad to say. This is one of the great tragedies of the Twentieth Century, where tens of thousands were reduced to cannibalism and starvation after wretched floods and insane Soviet-style policies. It's actually never funny. It's horrible.  So he finds a gal to go along and his buddy Jori A. Kopponen, a totally nuts comedian, whose schtick is to light cigarettes and swallow the entire pack. His signature card trick is to have you take a card, and have it reappear in grease paint on his bare buttocks. Yeah, we need this on American television. Networks, take note.  In that insouciant Scandinavian fashion, they get roaring drunk whenever they can, and manage to rehearse in less-than-optimal conditions (no stage lighting, no fuel for torches or chain saws. ) And they are a hit.  What happens if you don't bow to the statue of the Leader? Heh-heh.  This is yet another surreal look at a very strange country.
3455 This is a handy bench scraper. If you are cooking and chopping ingredients, it transfers them to your prep bowls or to the saute pan easily. It's pretty large and it has sides to hold the chopped food aboard without falling off. Grippy handle.  It's a bit large and takes up space in a utensil drawer so I have it in a lower drawer because it needs some room to be stored. It also is handy for bread baking--you can scrape down your kneading surface with it.  If you do "Blue Apron" or any of the boxed food recipe services that do a lot of prep work, this is quite useful.
3456 The initial version of this software AD 1602 was fun to play, a kind of post-Renaissance Sim City. After a long wait, the 1503 version was released. At first I hated 1503, thinking it was overly complicated. Well, switched to ENGLISH version (yuh! not smart, I was playing a version in German, the original language of this game) and I broke down and played the tutorials. Wow! There's a lot here. Not only are the graphics stunning, but the economic play is complex and interesting to the end. The formula to success (many aristocrats) is not as it was in 1602. In this case, trade balance is all; if you dare an agressive and too early expansion, your economy can take an irreversible downward spiral, and the cathedral starts softly playing the Miserere from Mozart's Requiem (haha, an anachronism but damn funny, you guys!) Lots to love here, a great computer game, indeed.
3457 Fennel is a classic breath freshener. No artificial sweetner to make your mouth feel funny. The essential oils leave you breath sweet and fresh. Propolis and myrrh are supposed to help the gums. Great stuff.
3458 This book is chock-full of surprisingly useful advice on shopping for produce for the juicer, managing a fridge full of veg and preparation and storage of juices. The authors contend if the juice is made at in a masticating juicer, it can be made somewhat in advance. Lots of advice, not so much a recipe book. Kind of a "missing manual" for an Omega type juicer. I found it different and helpful.
3459 I love taco salad, but I never eat the fried bowl. But you can make a BAKED bowl and now have the whole enchilada (bwahaha) without eating something with more fat than you'd really want. I hardly need to add, these taco bowls are great for parties--you can put bean dip or sour cream or yogurt dip, or guacamole in them as well, and they look cool. I have some recipe ideas for you that I use.  My recipe for taco salad uses ground turkey and I make up my own spice mix or use premixed salt-free Southwest seasoning because commercial taco mix (though tasty!) is full of too much salt for me. I like to use ground dark turkey meat (boned chicken thigh works too) and saute it with the spice mix, same way you do tacos from hamburger, and then add any salt I might want. I top some chopped lettuce with chopped tomato, green onion, black olives, some diced avocado and possibly a bit of grated cheese and the hot turkey taco mix. You can also use tofu or tempeh if you are vegan and leave off the cheese, it still tastes really good. You can use fat free sour cream for garnish, sour cream, Greek yogurt, dairy free sour cream (vegan) or a low fat chipotle salad dressing drizzled on top.  It's GOOD. Very  nice for lunch parties, kid parties, barbecues, outdoor entertaining, you name it. You can even coat the tortilla with a bit of butter or marg brushed on, and then cinnamon and sugar. Bake, cool and serve filled with ice cream or frozen yogurt. Vanilla ice cream, chocolate or cinnamon (if you can find it) are really good.
3460 Amaterasu Takahashi is an elderly Japanese widow. She lost her only child in the bombing of Nagasaki.  She also, supposedly, lost a grandson in the disaster, but a man shows up to her house and informs her, he is her long-lost grandson, scarred and unrecognizable as a "hibakusha" or survivor of the bombing.  The "grandson" comes with letters that are intended to convince her that he is who he says he is. She is pretty much convinced, he's lying. But she reads the letters, and there begins a forced march into the past, to review mistakes, loves, lessons and loss. It's sometimes hard to read because it's so painful. But, there is a mystery here, and the reader is of course, guessing the entire time. The ambiguity is the thread that keeps you turning the pages, and the narrative is fascinating, because we always love to hear stories, even upsetting ones.  I found this a fascinating novel and one that was hard to put down.
3461 These look like those big cut crystal spheres people like to hang in windows, but they are flattened. I replaced my dull white bathroom vanity knobs to add some pizzazz to very boring white drawers, and to match crystal style faucets on the tub. Really brightens up a plain drawer. These are glass, so they have some brilliant sparkle. As usual, when I order replacement knobs, the bolt that comes with is too short for my drawers, which somehow have thicker fronts. So I have to go take the bolt to the home supply store and find the same diameter but about an inch longer. The bolts I currently have are too thick, of course.  I received a coupon from the manufacturer for one set, but purchased a second because I like them a lot.
3462 This is humor and cartooning the way I like it: sarcastic, absurd and funny as hell. Roz Chast does a sort of autobiography of her and her parents and this is classic Jewish schtick; the complaining, the "noodging"*, the never-being-satisfied-with-anything life of two aging parents in assisted living.  I bought this to put in my office lobby for light reading before appointments. I may have to rethink this choice, and keep it well-hidden in my desk drawer for a good laugh from time to time. But I think most people will love Roz Chast's cartoons. She's in the New Yorker, and that's the imprimatur of the best of the best.  *A "noodge" (Yiddish) is a person who continually annoys everyone.
3463 This book features how to stamp and stitch fabric to make mixed media artworks. The author shows how to use computers, printers, stamps, glue batik (something new to me and very welcome compared to wax batik), and other embellishments to create deep and beautiful works on fabric. You will learn not only the batik and stamping technique, but see where sewing free form fits in, as well as how to create beautiful backgrounds.  The works could be stretched and hung as artwork, but they also could be used to make incredible placemats, room screens, lampshades or other objects.  The demonstration of a mask from Benin was my favorite work in the book but there is so much "eye candy" in here, as well as new techniques and ideas, that even if you don't do mixed media (I mainly do watercolor with occasional mixed media additions) you will want to try many of these ideas for yourself.
3464 Pretty all over lace but a full coverage, wide band that doesn't roll. If you want pretty underwear but a good coverage (no thongs, here, thank you) this does it.  The flesh color is nice but I'd like it in black, too.
3465 The title of this book is modestly deceiving; there are not only templates for garments, there are examples to use eyelash and fur yarn. Some of the patterns are "fur" jackets, long coats, jackets with cuffs and more. If you like to do stylish knitting, and you like to shop for yarn, not entirely sure what to do with it, this book is excellent. With the templates in hand, you can create a unique garment. Particularly recommended for people who love novelty yarns.
3466 These gardens are a subset of architectural history. In past, great estates and even small mansions often had highly artistic landscaping as part of the overall design. In fact, recently, the gardens at "The Mount" which was the mansion owned by Edith Wharton have been restored. The mansion itself was going to ruin in Lenox, MA and was used for theater but the gardens were gone--the gardens designed by Wharton. Wharton was a landscape artist as well as a top-class novelist. Unfortunately, those gardens are not featured in "Rescuing Eden" but many other rescued treasures of gardens are featured, and you can see some of the glories of landscape design from around the US.  This cocktail table book has many wonderful photos of the idyllic landscapes, architectural features and sculptures. It's not only of interest to gardeners, but for those who like landscaping and even painters, who may want to use the book as inspiration for trips to do "plein air" at any of the gardens that permit public tours and permit an artist to set up an outdoor easel for painting or sketching. I wish I lived closer to some of these. If you are an enthusiastic gardener, this is a beautiful book to own, and may give you ideas for your own backyard Eden--or for a trip to one of these beautiful places.
3467 This book is a combination stitch dictionary for textured, cable stitches and a pattern book.  The patterns include a very nice fringed skirt, where the cables end in fringe around the hem. There are standard men's and women's and kids' pullovers and a beautiful Aran afghan, by far my favorite of the designs. There is also a bag, pillow, hat, scarf, vest, poncho and afghan made of squares. I saw no jackets nor cardigans. The patterns are fairly basic, though a pillow in an all-over two-color cable was rather intricate-looking, but probably not terribly hard to knit.  You could adapt any of the patterns to use the other stitch designs in the stitch dictionary.  There is a front section of HOW-TO, for the newbie who has never cabled or done twisted stitches before. So I'd say this is a great book for new knitters who love cables and would like to know where to start. As you learn, you won't outgrow this book.
3468 I had no trouble using the instructions to connect to my WiFi.   Afterwards, the app allowed me to detect humidity, temperature, light, motion and sound detection (but I had to set a threshhold--barky dogs romping around.)  I ended up not using it, a common issue with free-ranging pets.  It really only detects motion unless you have the iHome app and a special plug for sound. Also you get notification there was motion or sound, but not more fine detail unless you use the smart plug. Best for Apple apps, from what I can tell. Best used in conjunction with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iHome-Smart-Plug-Wi-Fi-Includes-Remote-Control-Power-Monitoring-Works-with-Amazon-Alexa/dp/B01HCVG51M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iHome Smart Plug, Wi-Fi, Includes Remote Control, Power Monitoring, Works with Amazon Alexa</a>
3469 Dover publishes complete works of many composers, and they did pianists a huge favor by compiling the works of Scriabin into several volumes of music. Scriabin, a "bridge" composer between the 19th and 20th Century, composed romantic yet modernistic works sometimes reminiscent of Chopin. His later work was far more dense and individualistic. Unfortunately, he died in his 40's, but, like the short-lived Schubert,he left a considerable volume of works for the piano. The other Dover volumes are the Sonatas and the Preludes and Etudes. Logically, they put other minor works (nocturnes, dances, etc) into this volume. If you are a skilled pianist, try the Op. 28 Fantasie. This work, sadly, is rarely recorded but is one of the most incredibly gorgeous things ever written for piano. The only other copy of this I own is in a Hungarian edition not available in the US, so rejoice if you play piano. Dover prints music that is easy to read and the editing is usually blameless. This book is no exception. Highly recommended for serious piano students.
3470 I have several books on color theory in watercolor and allrecommend that you do exercises to practice choosing apallette. This book is cleverly printed on 140 lb watercolor paper,a very useful weight as it won't buckle very much when wetted... Someof Handprint's pallettes are those of other well known watercolorists,so this is a good place to visit if you buy this book. The bookhas exercises on each page; so put in extra sheets of 140 poundwatercolor paper along side for any other pallettes you try out or foryour own developments. If you do pastel, acrylic or colored pencil,this book works just as well.
3471 I never saw the attraction of jigsaw puzzles until one long winter, when we put one onto the dining room table. Every now and then, one or both of us would sit down and add in a few pieces to complete the puzzle. I got hooked and every winter, I put a puzzle on the table and sit down for a few minutes or longer...to relax. Puzzle quality is IMPORTANT; the better the printing and cutting up of the pieces, the more fun to put together. I've had cheap puzzles and they are annoying to assemble and not all that interesting. A good one can be addiction--and these Ravensburger puzzles are top quality.  We found that the mostly-unused dining room formal table was a great place to put together a puzzle. You might set up a card table if you don't have a dining room. These are also great as emergency entertainment for vacation cabins. A few times when we took a cabin for a week, we also got, no extra charge, a solid week of rain. Puzzles and board games don't take up much space in the car and can be fun for the whole family in bad weather.  This is a pretty landscape of the Portofino Harbor, nice and colorful, with challenging expanses of water to make the puzzle a bit more difficult.
3472 This kit has all you need: you bake the sponge fingers in the mold, then fill with the plastic injector. Simple as that. Gluten-free version? Sure. All organic? Why not. Vegan? If you can find a sponge cake recipe and pastry cream version without eggs and milk, go for it.  The snack cakes we loved as kids in the Fifties are really not like they were. The cupcakes in particular, towards the Seventies, got a strange texture, bitter aftertaste and were not really the ones we grew up on and loved. The iconic sponge finger Twinkies are now an endangered species (they go on the endangered list with 16 oz sodas and Happy Meals?) So it's time to strike out on our own and make our own, better, more healthy, more tasty snacky cakes.  I have been baking since I was two years old (really! Mom caught me whipping up a cake in front of the television, following a cooking show.) So the opportunity to make my own snack cakes caught my attention.  Not only that, I'm coming up with some Frankentwinkie ideas. I could make new, unheard-of versions--chocolate with mint filling, pumpkin flavor with whiskey-infused creme patisserie are just some ideas. Red Velvet Twinkies with marscapone-cream? Vanilla cake with dark chocolate truffle and rum?  Anyway, fear not the death of the Twinkie. You can revive them like Dr. Frankenstein in your own kitchen laboratory. It's ALIVE!!!!!!!
3473 Despite having played ukulele and guitar as a youth, I didn't realize that strings matter; so when I pulled out a guitar that belonged to my late husband, I remembered that (a) I never liked that guitar, a classical Yamaha model, nothing special and (b) my recent experiments with various ukulele strings have resulted in a respect for what the right strings can do for any instrument.  I bought a set of these strings and strung up the Yamaha. The instrument went from absolutely bland mediocre to a rich, deep, ringing tone, especially in the lower registers.  The strings are well-marked; labels are glued to the ends of the string to tell you who's who. The E string has a thinner area at the end, to allow you to tie off the end on your bridge. (The rest of the wound strings do not have this.)  I'm used to playing with normal tension; I don't like slack tension, but your feelings on this may vary and depending on the kind of guitar you play, you may want the high or low tension instead. The bottom line is that strings are very individualistic and can change the character of your instrument. I now have a very playable guitar and I think these strings sound wonderful.
3474 If you're looking for something new, this book might spark some creativity in your shawl knitting. The traditional lace and Shetlands are not here. This book has more unusual shapes, and a lot of interesting closures including a shell donut for drawing through a pebbly bamboo and bison neck wrap, button down Aran wrap and metallic closures on a beautiful fringed wrap.  The yarns are unique as well--featuring a lot of bamboo blends. That's the "nature" part of the title. The stitches range from dense texture to light airy all-over openwork. Several of these, including the beautiful Aran wide loose cable with buttons and the "Sandy Beach" neck wrap had me itching to cast on immediately and thinking of ways to adapt the pattern to other ideas. The shapes tend to be simple; rectangles, a triangular shawl that is a bit like a Faeroese shawl with a vertical lace section down the middle (but it's smaller and less complicated in shape.)  Not your traditional lace shawl, that's for sure. Elegant and easy shapes, with nicely textured open stitches. Beautiful!
3475 Heart disease is one of the major killers--and even with amazing advances told in the book, it is still worldwide, the number one cause of death. The story of the men and women, both doctors and patients, who have given us new ways to treat heart disease is fascinating. Since I'm in my sixth decade, I've seen cardiology change dramatically--I remember the first heart transplant, the first artificial heart and remember well the days when a heart attack was frequently fatal.  A lot of the stories were NOT familiar to me--the story of Ludwig Rehm, who stitched up the beating heart of a knife wound victim, for one.  But more touching is the story of the first operations on infant hearts to repair "blue baby" heart defects. This common ailment used to be nearly completely fatal in infants and now it's still a grave situation for a newborn, but highly successful.  Anyone who's had a relative undergo bypass surgery, who has an interest in science and medicine will find this a fascinating story of courage--which by the way means having "heart."
3476 Pretty eye makeup ideas, a very handsome book. If you enjoy Youtube makeup tutorials, this is great as it's in book format and easy to carry along or just page through, when you aren't online.
3477 Geez! What, does it cost A LOT to put tracks on a CD? The CD that accompanies this book is, that's right, one track. Yet the sections are really discreet lessons. That's annoying; I have to zip on search past the beginning every time I start and stop this CD. The book has some useful stuff and it does have music notation mixed with the usual draw-blow notation used for harmonica. And the section on bending notes is excellent--it has practice riffs that test your ability to bend the note down halves and whole notes. There is even a one-hole three-note bent riff. Nice to learn. And the theory is better explained than in some books plus the written-out musical notation blues songs are great. There are some useful tricks in here, so you have to forgive the silly idea of a one track cd. The sections are played quickly, so if you want to play along or listen again, you have to restart the CD. Maybe you can create an audio cassette tape cut into sections and cued for reference by lesson. I might try that, as I found a lot of merit in this book and CD package.
3478 Bill Bryson is usually known for books that provoke an uncontrollable urge to laugh out loud while reading them. That's certainly true of "A Walk in the Woods" where Bryson and a bibulous friend try manfully to hike the Appalacian Trail. It's not so true in "Notes from a Small Island."  Bryson doesn't have his hapless friend Katz along on this jaunt, a walking trip through Great Britain. But his sense of humor is intact and his eye sharp for local foibles. My favorite observation was actually his description of the boundless joy the British express when presented with a steaming hot cup of tea. "Ah, lovely..." At the fifth repetition of this, you begin to appreciate Bryson's description of the British people and their funny rules, such as one that applies to public paths (you can cut right through anything that lies on a public way, and Bryson struts through some remarkable places exercising this right.) He takes the predictable potshots at British Rail and the propensity for tearing down quaint buildings and putting up steel and concrete monstrosities, a trait that Americans seem to share with their British progenitors; I myself felt strangely at home in Birmingham--it could have been any American city except for driving on the wrong side of the road.  While this book was not as scream-with-laughter funny as "Walk in the Woods", it had its moments. If you are a Bryson fan you might be a bit disappointed as this books is a bit subdued compared to his others. And Katz is nowhere to be found. But if you don't require to be entertained every single page, you probably will find this an amusing book. I did.
3479 Timing is everything--in life and music. Zhu Xiao-Mei was born to educated, middle class parents just as Mao Zedong accomplished the Communist Revolution. A musical prodigy on the piano, she attended conservatory at the fateful time when the Cultural Revolution took place, when the old intellectual elite (professors and teachers) plus the middle class were killed or banished to work camps. Like many students, Zhu Xiao-Mei was sent to do hard labor in difficult conditions and her piano playing fell by the wayside. Hungering for music and her family, at one point she escaped the camp and came home--only to go back so her family would not be punished.  Eventually, Zhu Xiao-Mei makes her way to the US, first California, then Boston. She worked and struggled to continue her piano studies and eventually found a phenomenal teacher, a student (rare) of Schnabel, the great Beethoven interpreter. From the US, she then went to Paris, and finally, at age forty, achieved success.  This is an excellent memoir, filled with the love of music, the search for the meaning of life and a spirit that is quietly indomitable in the face of true adversity. I'd recommend it for anyone, and it's a great book for the young, as it tells a story about perseverance and honesty.
3480 I bought this lamp because I wanted something a bit taller on my nightstand. This lamp is a beautiful frosted amber base with a bulb inside that acts as a night light or accent light. The switch turns on the accent light, then the upper bulb (standard up to 150 watt) and then both. It's nice when I get up in the dark to just turn on the accent light.  The shade is a beautiful, thick-gauge silk and the base is nicely molded bronze. It has that classic Italian or Tuscan look and fits in traditional decor.  It's 30" tall, which works for table lamps in living rooms. Accent lights are actually wonderful to come home to (especially in winter) so these could fit on end tables. You could even have them on a timer to have the lower portion lit when you come home. Mine is in the bedroom but it could go in my living room, so it's versatile enough if I want to redecorate, I can move it to another room.  The only things I could see improved would be a switch on the base for the night light (separate  from the lamp switch) so you could have a three-way bulb in the socket. I also tried to unscrew the base to access the night light and it was not immediately apparent how you do that--and there was only one light lit. Is that the way it is supposed to be? Because the night light is off center--one side only. However, it looks pretty when lit.
3481 I watched Jay Winik give a talk about April 1865 on C-SPAN's Bookspan. WOW! We just HAD to get this book after listening to this incredibly articulate author. I didn't think anyone could really put a new (non-revisionist) set of ideas about the Civil War, but Winik really focuses on the men and the time of April 1865 and how the events of that month were such a pivotal time in our history. The section on the Booth plot revealed facts I'd forgotton or didn't know (the attack also included Seward, Secretary of State and was as devastating in its time as the attack on the WTC.)  The insights about Lee are fascinating. Lincoln held Lee in great esteem and Lee's gentleman-soldier qualities probably saved the United States from a protracted struggle and ultimate destruction. If Lee and his men had gone guerilla, as had been suggested to him, we might never have survived the Civil War and would have been easy pickings for European powers. Lee literally determined the course of history during that fateful month. If you are a history fan, you will of course be interested in reading this fresh view on a well-trodden subject. If you aren't normally a history fan, but have recently gotten more interested in American history and patriotic subjects due to the recent attacks on the US, you will find valuable insight into our national character and background in this book. Highly recommended.
3482 I got this for a friend who adopted a rabbit. The rabbit just showed up at her house. On Easter. No one claimed the bunny after signs were posted around the neighborhood, so E.B. became her latest pet  (E.B. for Easter Bunny, of course.)  E.B. likes to wander around the house but he has a trick of getting under things, as rabbits will, to find a hideout or safe place. Rabbits like to find a burrow for security reasons; they are prey, not predator. The harness works to allow E.B. to roam freely, or almost-freely, go outside, but not get lost, hidden under the house, or picked off by dogs or large vultures.  Owner and bunny are apparently happy with this gift, from all reports.
3483 This is a really great recipe book and when it went on Kindle special sale, I made sure to let lots of friends know. The pasta recipes are particularly solid--homemade spinach pasta and lasagne are great. There are two lasagne recipes--the one without meat and the one with meat. Both use bechamel (balsamella) and they are the essential lasagne I know from my friends from Italy. There is also a ragu bolognese. (Meat sauce.)  There are more exotic things too--rabbit, eel and a very good oil-poached swordfish and a branzino.  If you like Italian food grounded in the time-honored recipes of the regions like Tuscany and don't want frou-frou, strange variations, odd takes and frankly evil reconstructions, this book is for you. And it's good reading, too.
3484 Novelized account of Anna Leonowens, tutor to King Rama V (Chulalongkorn.) Landon fictionalized the diaries of Leonowens (The English Governess at the Siamese Court .) Leonowens herself portrayed the events with a lot of editing or outright deception, according to many. The account Landon gives here may stray far from reality, but as a novel it worked so exceptionally well that it became beloved (outside of Thailand where is it not in favor, portraying the king in a less-than-perfect light in a country that has deep reverence bordering on worship of their royals.)  Landon was a skilled writer, but none of her other books reached the success of "Anna." A fictionalized account of her own missionary experience in Asia (Never Dies the Dream) has conflict and well-drawn characters but falls flat compared to the rich material from Leononwens' own eventful life. Landon did good research on Leonowens and did impart some of the character of the self-made (and self-styled) adventurer into the novel. The musical did not fully elucidate the book's drama, to Landon's satisfaction and she felt it was cheapened by the Rogers and Hammerstein version--little of Mongkut's complexity comes through but still--it's loved. I've read many versions of Leonowens' story, some purchased in Thailand and none comes close to the Landon novel, though it may be lacking in truth in spots. The theme of slavery is well handled and the scene of the brass door and the shackled slave and her son is one you can't forget. Nor the execution of Tuptim and her monk lover.
3485 The last version of these treats didn't please Mr. Kitty, who is anything but a fussy eater. He did like these treats and he needs joint supplements as a senior cat. Now when it's treat time for the dogs, he gets his tasty tidbit too. Everyone is happy.
3486 I played this album for someone who was not familiar with Klezmer music, that clarinet-infused mix of emotional Jewish music that is flavored with Eastern European and Mideastern sonorities. He was absolutely captivated. While this is not my favorite of all Klezmer (the Klezmatics) this is pretty darn close. And pretty darned good. If you like Klezmer, this is a must-have.
3487 German sweet licorice is nothing like American; it's flavored with licorice root, not just anise oil, and it's darkly delicious. Haribo, that German maker of gummis, makes a fine licorice wheel or snail; you unroll the licorice into a long whip or else you can bite into the wheel like a cake if you are not prone to play with your candy or blow bubbles with your gum. Your choice; either way, this is excellent licorice and a real treat.
3488 These lights are relatively small (the cone part is about four inches in height by three and a half inches wide. The stem is about eight inches in length.) The top of the cone has the solar panel. After they charge up all day, they stay lit for a good part of the night. The colors are gold-red, blue-green and purple. You get a mix in the box of three.  To install these, you uncap the light and push on the toggle switch. Then you put the cap back on, push a plastic spike into a metal tube and put the light into the other end of the tube. Push the spike into the ground. It's best if you make a guide hole first, rather than pushing the spike in directly. You might hit a rock or a root.  These look nice in a rock garden or wherever you need a touch of color at night. One star is off because you really need more than three to line any kind of walkway. So you'd probably want two sets, at least. Item supplied in exchange for evaluation and review.
3489 Linda Kemp's work is luminous and seems to float off the pages. She recommends EVERYONE to use the technique of painting negative space to improve their art. Negative painting is going AROUND the outline of a subject, the way you might lay down a leaf on a white sheet of paper. Then dab paint around it. Lift off that leaf and you have a white leaf floating on a colored ground. The book has the following chapters: Basic Painting Supplies Underpaintings - laying the groundwork Getting into Shapes - become aware of negative shapes! Working with Glazes and Building Layers Building Nature's Complex Shapes Picture Planning Made Easy Assembling the Pieces of the Puzzle The author says this technique applies to all media (certainly those who do charcoal or pastel are well aware of the importance of negative space, as are sculptors.) As a watercolorist, if you concentrate on line and wash, this will be quite revealing. In fact, this is probably a "must-have" on the technique bookshelf.
3490 The term "An Intimate Biography" which is the subtitle of this work by Stanley Weintraub is very accurate. This is the bio of Queen Victoria at home. From the race to the successor of the Enlish throne upon the death of the Princess of Wales, to her reign as an eighteen-year old, her happy marriage and numerous offspring, to the fat and stodgy old Empress who gave her name to an era, this is a view of Victoria we seldom see in history accounts. The best part of the book is about her marriage to Saxe-Coburg Prince Albert, who was "hired" by Victoria as her consort but found himself in love with the diminutive German-English queen. They exchanged paintings (Victoria loved male nudes and was always smitten by male beauty), they read novels and poetry outloud to each other. Victoria handed over a key to the dispatch boxes wherein lay the documents of State, and the unpopular German prince soon was an invaluable right-hand man and man behind the throne. Sadly, Prince Albert died (whether from exhaustion after his successful staging of the Crystal Palace exhibition) or from stomach cancer) and Victoria plunged the Throne into interminable mourning. Afterward, her role in the affairs of state, even with important events such as the Sepoy Rebellion and the Boer War, seemed less intense. The biography focuses on the domestic Victoria, less so on her children, especially the wastrel Edward (Bertie) and strives to keep history as a backdrop to Victoria's life. In this, the biography succeeds admirably, but those interested in English history will want to read other accounts to fill in the events and political intricacies that are only sketched out here.
3491 If you like strong, dark coffee, the Barista Italian roast for the Vue cup is excellent. I make it on the STRONG setting for 8oz and it's perfect. In fact, it's better than what I make in my regular pot unless I have very fresh coffee just ground from beans. The color is a rich, blackish brown, the roast is dark but not burnt-tasting and of all the coffees for the Vue I've tried, this one wins hands-down. I have the same blend in K-cups (for the office, where the K version sits) and they are not as good, for some reason. The Vue is not the most economical way to make coffee (that would probably be a plastic Melitta filter with a paper cone and a mug or a French Press) but the Keurig is fast and convenient. And I get the coffee the strength and temperature just the way I like it.
3492 This bench is the kind I prefer for dumbbell and barbell routines. I really like weight workouts and when you have an adjustable bench, you can easily go from sitting up for military presses to flat for bench presses and flyes to declined for decline presses, flyes and crunches.  This bench is sturdy and has wheels for easy movement, handy for me, as I keep a weight bench in my bedroom to encourage doing a daily workout. .  Unlike my current simple flat bench, it allows you to do decline presses by having a negative angle.  The padding is not as heavy as gym benches, but good enough for lighter workouts. If you do heavy, heavy weights, you may want a thicker bench. (And you probably should be somewhere where you can have a spotter. Like, the gym.)  There is also no rack on this bench for your barbell. So it's not so convenient to rack the weight after using it if you are using a barbell as opposed to dumbbells. I generally use dumbbells, so for me, this is not a huge problem, but you'll need a rack if you make this your regular barbell bench.  This was not hard to assemble and is a big improvement over my simple flat bench. More padding would have made this ideal.
3493 This handy book employs the EZ Percentage System, developed by Elizabeth Zimmerman. With a chest measurement and your gauge, you can make nearly any style sweater. But what is even better in The Sweater Workshop is the wonderfully wacky Knitting Sampler. This object, when finished, looks like a windsock or a fish and contains all the types of knitting operations you are likely to encounter when making a sweater, such as various ribbings, belt and cords, decreases, increases, color, cable and lace. The sampler is a very fun project that teaches you the basics you need to know to make nearly anything knitted. After you knit it, you can hang it up (be prepared for many "What the heck is THAT!" questions) and use the sampler as a visual reference for the techniques you may be using. Thankfully, The Sweater Workshop is back in print, so if you want to learn to knit or improve your skills, you are in luck.
3494 I was hoping for more in-depth articles than what I got here. The towns listed were mostly resort-types, and there was far less on living in regular places where one might retire and live on a fixed income. I think I expected more from "Where to Retire" than I got out of my subscription, so I didn't renew.
3495 My admin looked at this organizer on my desk and pronounced it "perfect." It is a two-level bin with compartments on top for small things like paper clips, side pockets for standing up pens and scissors, a long compartment in back that holds Post-It notes and sign-here stickers, and a small drawer that is just the right size for cellophane tape and a staple remover. It is too small to hold my standard-sized stapler.  The black mesh is very nice on my faux-mahogany laminate desk with black accents. Item supplied in exchange for evaluation and review with no obligations.
3496 This is a book featuring how to make all kinds of sock structures like heels and toes. It's less a pattern book and more a how-to create a sock that fits book. If you're looking for stunning examples of knitted socks in pretty wools, no. If you want to clearly see how different heels and toes work, how they fit and how to make them, yes.  The book is suitable for both experienced and beginning sock knitters. I have knitted socks for decades, and even though I've made some of the more unusual heels in this book (some are the same featuredin Folk Socks: The History & Techniques of Handknitted Footwear .) But the pictures here are very clear and the explanations on fit are also detailed. If you like to design socks, this book is a handy reference. The examples include sizing alterations up to five different sizes and let you adjust by your yarn weight and your gauge.  If you can live without eye candy and want a really good technical book that is right to the point and well-photographed, this is for you.
3497 Having been to Burma (walked there--quite an adventure) I can say that Richard Diran's book captures the natural beauty of the local tribes people in their traditional finery. The author photographs and tells about the Akha mountain folk, who wear "Mammy Yocum" headresses lined with hammered coins but are guardians of the ecology of the forest,  the tribes relate more to the Chinese (Yao) and the astonishingly beringed Karen (were the rings a way to prevent bride-snatching?) Many of the peoples are also found in northern Thailand (Akha, the Lisu, reputed to make delightful spouses, and the Yao.) He discusses the varied culture and customs. We had a great time meeting many of these tribal people in Northern Thailand and I wish I could go back and visit Burma again and explore more of the remote areas. It is indeed the "Land of Regrets" --you can't go without wanting to return. This book feeds my memories and makes me want to hike the steaming hills once again. What a place. What a book.
3498 I have some other Jesse Cook albums (Nomad, for one) but this one grabbed immediately. Lots of great music on this album. My favorite is "Azul" and my least favorite is "At Your Feet" because I think the vocals are mediocre. The music is a bit like Ottmar Liebert&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nouveau-Flamenco/dp/B000003YYQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nouveau Flamenco</a>&nbsp;but more varied. If you like Ottmar Liebert, you'll enjoy this and in fact, I prefer this for listening sometimes as there is less of a "studio-produced" sound (not live, but not as manipulated either.)  There is a lot of music on this album. Even deleting the "At Your Feet" from my playlist, I find I can play this for hours and not get tired of it. Relaxing.
3499 Most of us are familiar with jerk chicken from Jamaica, a uniquely spiced way to cook poultry. But I was less familiar with the salt cod and "bully beef" recipes. I am not sure I'd make these, but as a complete look at Jamaican cuisine, it was fascinating to see what Jamaican cooks do with the canned corn beef you see in the Spanish-Caribbean section of the grocery store.  There are so many good chicken recipes in here that I'm not sure I'd ever even worry about the other chapters, but they make very good reading. Meanwhile, the jerk chicken kabobs look like they're going to become a staple for summer parties.
3500 I order this for my Spot-Bot and it's far more effective at cleaning carpets than Resolve. If you go to the grocery store or Walmart, Resolve is the dominant brand but it's hardly worth using. I compared Bissell Stain & Odor formula side-by-side with Resolve and this removed stains and Resolve didn't do a darn thing.  This won't take out really bad stains; for that I use the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pet-Power-Oxy-Shot/dp/B002V0JOVS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pet Power Oxy-Shot</a>&nbsp;which takes out stains even when you don't scrub. The combination is great. I wish stores would carry this, but with Prime it's easy enough to order it. Since I have two dogs and a cat, I use a lot of this to clean up when they make messes.
3501 These studies were composed by Julio Sagreras, a noted Argentine guitarist. They are a classic and one of the most frequently used books in classical guitar technique. There is also an advanced book 4-6. My instructor had me get this after about a year and a half of study to improve technique and also to practice sight reading. Each piece presents a particular technical challenge and there are notes to guide the student about the tricks and trouble spots you will run into. For example, I pulled out Lesson #49, a simple melody with a repeating top note that is accented using the "A" (ring) finger in the right hand. I have trouble making this finger sound like the others and creating a good tone. It tends to get shrill. This exercise immediately had me focus on creating a good tone while allowing me to incorporate dynamics into the piece because it's reasonably melodic.  Many of the studies are decent on their own as performance pieces, such as  75 in A minor, 79 in E major, 82 in E minor, 84 in E minor, and 85 in C major in Book 1.  The text is in English and Spanish with French and German translation in the back.  You can find these in PDF format all over the internet, but the spiral bound book is worth the trouble. It compiles the studies and stays put on the music stand. I have not had good luck with playing from electronic screens and printouts, they aren't bad if you put them into page protectors but it's just more convenient to use a spiral bound book.
3502 This book advertises "your favorite authors" by which they mean "designers" and they are certainly well-published ones like Prudence Mapstone, Marcelle Karp, Stephane Japel and Hannah Fettig. The projects include gloves, hat, scarves, handbags, socks, slippers and a baby sweater and even earrings. The fun stuff includes a fedora and fishnet stockings, and well, maybe the leaf-shaped earrings, though I am not a fan of knitted jewelry, myself. Some projects involve felting, which will please those who love this type of craft, or for someone not willing to lay out extensive cash to knit a large felted item, only to find out it doesn't felt quite the way you'd like. Here, you can test it out on a smaller scale.  Small projects are my favorite thing for trips and just to slip in a purse in case I have to wait at a doctor's office or for some other reason. Scarves are great for gifts, as are baby sweaters, so small projects have their place in the knitting universe. And they use up small bits of yarn in your stash. I always have a few small things on the boil, and I'm sure you'll like this book as much as I did.
3503 My first impression of this newest Splash was "Wow!" I was impressed by the sheer gamut of paintings from super-realistic to abstract. I found the abstract selections particularly appealing and useful. But at second glance, I was not convinced this would help my painting enough to justify keeping the book. I think I got more out of Jeanne Carbonetti's books (Tao, Zen, Yoga of ...series) and of Watercolor Bold and Free. So, if you want a good selection of examples of art focusing on the use of texture, this is a good selection. If you have a wide library of watercolor books already, this may not be anything really that new.
3504 Suppose you and your heroic former POW husband buy a sailboat. You are ready to achieve your dream to sail the Bahamas. Suddenly, your dream turns into your worst nightmare; the boat has a dangerous type of stowaway, and you are kidnapped by a ruthless if fascinating drug lord who wants something you don't have--and something you do. This book has plenty of excitement, horror, heroics and a real villain. It reads like a made-for-tv movie. Is that bad? Well, not if you want a fast-reading, exciting tale for the summer or a plane ride to keep you turning the pages. The author models the POW husband hero from her own life; is she the model for the heroine? I don't know, but this was a fun, quick reading book and certainly would please any reader of suspense or action thrillers. Pack it into your beach bag this summer and you won't be disappointed.
3505 M.F.K.Fisher was one of America's best prose writers ever. Though known for her writings about food, it's insufficient to say she was a food writer. Her real subject was herself, her journeys through life and relationships, and her ability to render intensely personal experiences in some of the best writing I've ever had the pleasure to read. If you are a fan of her work, you will enjoy "A Welcoming Life", which has many, many fine photographs of Fisher and her companions and the places they travelled. It's enjoyable to actually have a face to match to her descriptions of "Chexbres" or "Timmy" (Dillwyn Parrish, her second husband) and others as well. The photographs, black and white, are beautifully printed in this book.
3506 Book 2 continues on, teaching you musical notation, tabs, tempo and timing, and how to play individual notes then combine them with strumming for fingerpicking style Hawaiian music.  There are exercises in progressively harder lessons, and each new song starts with (possibly) an exercise, for example, how to do some arpeggios, then the song in single note, then with added chords picked for a richer sound.  The accompanying CD has the exercises and songs, general first with an easier, slower tempo (marked by a metronome that begins a bar earlier than the song) then a more complex version, with chords plucked along with the melody.  Note that this method requires the LOW G tuning (Taropatch tuning) so if you have a soprano or concert ukulele with the traditional high G re-entrant tuning, you will have to change out strings or take one of your ukes, assuming you have several, and tune it down for this type of music. For me, this mean capo'ing my baritone up a fifth. You can also capo a guitar and play on four strings. But you're better off with a low G tuning if you can swing it.  If you love the relaxed sound of Hawaiian music, many favorites are here, including the Don Ho signature work "Tiny Bubbles." Interspersed with the music lessons, the author talks about the history of Hawaiian popular music, including Hapa Haole and also give the biographies of notable songwriters and composers. It's a very lovely book.
3507 These are "J" style bobbins with a cherry blossom motif--the famous symbol of Japan, the "sakura." They are also very pretty but useful. Supposedly, the Janome J bobbins are manufactured out of a special synthetic rubber and plastic mixture to grip the thread as it winds on and off, and to absorb machine vibrations in the bobbin case. Janome is known for their patent on round bobbin (the name "Janome" means eye of the snake and refers to the shape of the bobbin. Previously, machines used an oscillating bobbin with a shuttle shape, and my mom's sewing machine in the Fifties had that shuttle bobbin--the black and gold Singer with a curved wood case. A classic.) Supposedly, the long history of bobbin research makes the Janome machines more resistant to bobbin tangling, and I think I've only made one thread nest in my Janome ever.  This is a very pretty set and if you have limited time to sew, keeping a box full of bobbins that are pre-wound with your favorite colors is a way to make sure you are ready to go. I wind up white, red, black, gray, brown, cream and navy and a shade of green (chartreuse) that I use a lot. And pink, of course!
3508 Wow! Finally, someone has written about the dirty little secret of dieting and fitness programs. Some people (whisper it) eat right, work out and yet....don't lose weight. A friend of ours had the sleep apnea checked out. He was very overweight, to the point of threatening his life. He couldn't stick with any exercise program because he was horribly tired. He slept at work. He was diagnosed with sleep apnea, got a device to assist his breathing and now is awake at work and walking for exercise. We think this book saved his life. Even very fit people sometimes plateau in their workout programs. Could it be a food allergy? Bad time of year? This book gives some important clues as to what might be holding you back. Even if your fitness and weight loss program is going fine, why not make sure you aren't being held back by one of these "UFO" or Unidentified Fitness Obstacles. Great, great book.
3509 I love this blend of tea--I've been drinking it since it came on the market. Sleepytime may have changed its package over the years but the blend is the same--lime blossom (linden flowers or tilia, same thing), chamomile and spearmint. This is a brilliant mix, the linden and chamomile floral, sweet and soporific, the spearmint adding just enough of a hit to make it interesting. It's good as an after-dinner digestif, or as a before-bed soothing drink. And it tastes really delicious  Each ingredient has a purpose; linden is a relaxer and is said to restore the liver (hence, it's used as a tisane in France, where livers are always suspected of being upset), chamomile is a tension-tamer and soothes the stomach, and spearmint is a digestive--helps after a heavy meal.  You actually don't need to have K-cups--just brew a cup of hot water from the Keurig and dip in a Sleepytime tea bag. But if you are serving guests at table or in your office, the K cup makes a cup of tea without the bag to deal with. Since I serve tea in my office (as well as coffee), the K cups are on hand for guests in several flavors (Sleepytime and Mandarin Orange.) At home, I simply use the bag version.
3510 I used to buy the cans of tahini for making hummus, but the flavor wasn't that great. A friend bought me a jar of organic tahini and I could instantly tell the difference. This was fresh-tasting, clean and when I make hummus, it tastes fantastic.  You can make hummus not only with chickpeas but also with zucchini substituting for the legumes. I got the recipe from&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Raw-Food-Made-Easy/dp/1570671753/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Raw Food Made Easy</a>&nbsp;and because the zucchini is lighter in flavor, a good tahini is a must for this recipe. I actually prefer the zucchini variety as it's easier for me to digest and it's not so calorie-dense. Either way you make it, this is great tahini. Sesame seeds are rich in not only good oils but also in calcium, so they are a healthful addition to the diet.
3511 Yonanas is a machine that takes frozen ripe bananas to make a thick ice cream-like dessert. These recipes utilize a variety of ingredients including fruits, nuts, chocolate, and more. The recipes are helpful for vegans who want ice cream at home--it's fast, it's non dairy and it's healthy as you don't even need sugar.  My fave recipe in here was the pumpkin pie (the banana is easily blended, flavor-wise, with the spices.) But there are good berry recipes and even a cookies-and-cream (though I am not a fan of cookies and cream.)  I will also give you one of my recipes (not in the book.) Take lumps of frozen banana "yonanas" on wax paper or in candy or cupcake paper cups on a cold cookie sheet or baking pan. Put in the freezer to get really hard. Then pour carob syrup over the lumps (make this by dissolving carob powder in some agave syrup, dark or light) or use cocoa dissolved in agave if you wish, instead.  Dust with nuts, if you like nuts (peanuts or almonds or walnuts work really well.) Freeze again. This makes Yonanas bon-bons and they are really good and really, two of them make a great dessert and hardly set you back, calorie-wise.  The problem with this book is that it is short, and it is not inexpensive. If you do diligent searching on the internet, now that the Yonanas is much more prevalent in kitchens, you are sure to find frozen banana treat recipes gratis. I totally loved the pumpkin pie and the vegan aspects of the book, but if cost is an issue, you can probably find an alternative.
3512 This can opener has comfy handles, designed to let weaker hands put enough pressure on the can edge to efficiently open them without an electrical assist. The blade is nice and sharp. As usual, Zyliss combines ergonomic design with a sleek look and you end up with a nicely functional kitchen tool.  My previous can opener finally bit the dust (got dull) and was never particularly easy to use. This is an improvement. I don't have an electric opener because I think for emergencies, it's a good idea to have a manual version.  I sometimes give this away as a gift--a number of my friends and acquaintances complain about their can openers (manual or electric.) I think this makes a great gift because it works so well and it's rather sleek-looking.
3513 Norman Jewison chose Topol rather than Zero Mostel, the Broadway Tevye, amid the same type of controversy and hurt feelings that occurred when Andrews was snubbed in favor of Hepburn in "My Fair Lady."  Here, however, the casting may well have been brilliant. Topol plays Tevye with genuine anguish and anger, and not much schmaltz and schtick. The songs are also directed with the same careful reserve--contrast the almost conversational tone of "Do you love me" and the meditative "Far from the home I love" with the over-the-top sort of singing in, say, Yentl.  The careful, toned-down direction takes nothing away from the production. In fact, you can visualize the hard daily life of people in a Russian shtetl (village) and the tragedy of the forced relocation of thousands of these Jewish villages by decree, foreshadowing the Holocaust later in history. This film captures a culture, yet is a musical, too. An amazing achievement.
3514 Anu Garg writes a fun romp through the riches of the English language. Did'ja know that English has about 100,000 words? And than the NEXT wordiest language is German--and it has only about 20,000 (and they swipe English words shamelessly.)  If you want to gain more vocabulary and have fun doing it, I can't recommend this fine book enough. If you like the works of writers like Richard Lederer (Anguished English), you will really want a copy of this. Since I like words and I enjoy learning new ones, I was pleased to find that there were plenty of words here I had never seen before. Great fun for students, especially those training for SAT's. Recommended.
3515 While you can buy all kinds of fancy-schmancy aerators these days that fit into the spout of your wine bottle, this lets you pour the wine into a serving decanter and swirl it around with a snobby look on your face AND not miss the glass: nice wide opening on this decanter.  Of course, you can still drop it for horrific effect. But it's very stable on the table, in fact, you might even have this aboard your yacht.  Five stars.
3516 I am a fan of most of Le Guin's books. Although I don't like every one of them, several of her books are among my favorite novels. I really admire her explorations into the "otherness" of  gender, which was the primary theme in her greatest novel "The Left Hand of Darkness." In "The Birthday of the World", Le Guin revisits Karhide (where "Left Hand of Darkness" took place) and plays with the idea of complex marriages, unbalanced societies, and the loss of innocence, all themes she has touched on throughout her writing career. If you are new to Le Guin, I'd recommend you read one of her great novels first ("Left Hand of Darkness", "The Dispossessed) Then, these stories should flesh out an appreciation for her work. If you are working on writing your own science fiction or speculative fiction, I'd highly recommend this book of short stories along with "Steering the Craft", her writing workshop handbook. These two volumes really should be packaged together for fiction writers.
3517 I have a collection of Weight Watcher cookbooks. One, out of print, has some of the best tasting recipes for international favorites. But the older WW books don't have the point system used by the current program. (The older system used servings of food groups, the new one uses points--low calorie foods like vegetables accumulate less points than high calorie fat-laden ones. You can eat anything, up to your point total. But if you blow it all on bags of M&M's you will, of course be hungry!) So having recipes that use the point system is very handy to follow a Weight Watcher program. Plus, when you reach your goal, you have to try to stay within 2 lbs of the ideal weight. So, this book is handy to go back on the program if you need to. This book has more good international favorites such as stuffed grapeleaves (Dolmades) and some American favorites like Tuna Noodle cassarole, which I love but which normally is too rich for me to enjoy.  You can make these recipes for the whole family because they taste good --just make plenty for the skinny big eaters to be satisfied. As always, Weight Watcher recipes are great-tasting. I actually prefer their versions of many things to the higher-calorie and fat original versions. You never are left banging on your plate yelling "Hello, Mr. Taste??? Hello?"
3518 I got this album for Leo Kottke (who has been around a long while on the coffeehouse/concert circuit) and for Eric Tingstad. But the entire CD is very listenable. I enjoy acoustic guitar, and these artists are truly masters. This is a great CD for relaxing--I turn to music such as this most often on weekends and evenings to create a mood for relaxation.
3519 This book has scarves for everyone. There are manly cables, colorful tapestries, dainty laces. There is a fuzzy, elegant mohair wrap that is a scarf, yeah, it's just a scarf and Itzhak Perlman is just a fiddler.  There are funky scarves with fringe in the middle instead of the ends (like a serape), there are chenille scarves, intricate intarsia dragons, plain garter, you name it. If you were a knitter who wanted to start with scarves and grow into knitting techniques, this book would take you from relatively simple knitting to magnificent advanced technique. All while making your Christmas presents for friends and family. My particular favorite was a weird but wonderful shrug; it's two arms and a turtleneck and NOTHING else--like a body-less sweater. I love it--if you want your shoulders and wrists warm, but are too hot in a conventional turtleneck, this may be for you. If you don't want to face questions about where the rest of the sweater went (moths?) then you can wrap the arms around your neck as if it were a standard scarf. Is that fun or what? I'm knitting one for me, for sure.  I'm going on record saying I like the photography. This is a fun, fun book and really changed my mind about scarves. Not boring anymore, no way. Highly recommended for almost any knitter, but especially those who are familiar with colorwork, texture, intarsia and cabling. And there are a few crochet patterns as well. Highly recommended if you want to knit a scarf.
3520 These are the dishes Ramsay cooks when he's at home. Some of them are good but most of them are things I wouldn't bother to cook, myself. Either I can't get the ingredients or they are overly complex. His shepherd's pie is nice, even though we can't get lamb, and we can get Branston pickle, which I sometimes have in the fridge (it's great with a lunch of cheese, bread and apples. Cheddar cheese, that is.) The pickle is a sort of molasses-sweet-and-sour dice of turnips and onions but it's very strong and flavorful. You can sub in chutney, which is exactly what I use in some chopped meat curries like Keema. I've made the duck with port and cherries before (be sure you do NOT overcook the duck breasts. If someone demands well done, make something else. Seriously.)  Otherwise, this book is only for Ramsay fans and not really an essential cookbook. The Kindle book is annoying--hard to navigate and not indexed. A serious flaw.
3521 I got one of these previously and it was so excellent, I bought a second, larger one. This one is 6'x9' and it fit my 6'x9' rug perfectly.  The rubberized back holds the rug firmly to the floor. The thickness (about 1/2") is nice to add padding. My dogs like to rampage around and skid onto the rug. When I don't have the pad under it, the rug goes flying, even with a coffee table on top. With this pad, the rug stays in place, no matter what the dog is doing to displace it.  I recommend this pad over the thin, rubberized mesh type. Those do not stay in place. These do.
3522 These lights work out (currently) at about a quarter a piece. It's more than twice what wax lights cost, but you can use these until the battery runs down, and then decide if it's worth it to unscrew the back and pop in a button battery or just throw it out. The big deal is that you won't burn down the house if you are creating a mood in your bathroom, lining the tub and vanity with hundreds of tealights for atmosphere, putting on the Barry White and then suddenly have to run out to the store for additional ice for the bucket of champagne.  I put these in votives on the mantel because I can turn them off at the end of the evening but if I fall asleep on the sofa after sipping some brandy and listening to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Relax-A-Liquid-Mind/dp/B000VVOD74/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Relax: A Liquid Mind</a>&nbsp;I won't awaken to find the living room smoldering from an open flame left unattended.  If you have kids, these are a good idea. They really look good, especially behind colored glass votives. Needless to say, you can't float them in the tub (for long) because as they sink, they short out.  Seriously, these are so much safer than tea lights and they provide a pretty effect. Lots of uses, from parties to weddings, to, well, more intimate parties.
3523 The Wacom Graphire tablet is a mouse-pad like device that connects into the USB port (or serial port if you don't have USB.) A special electronic stylus comes with it and you can draw on the pad as you would on sketch paper. The Graphire tablet is for home use and is distinguished from other Wacom tablets in that it also has a cordless mouse. It comes in a choice of kid-pleasing colors (well, I like colors too, I must admit. I bought a clear purple keyboard recently, so who'm I kiddin'!) Now, this tablet-mouse pad is a darn clever idea. Both a graphics tablet and a mouse are "human interface devices" or pointing devices for the computer (how you move around and click on items on the screen.) So having a combination mouse/pen pad is nice as you can eliminate your regular mouse. And I can tell you, cordless mice are the way to go. Much more comfortable than mice with cords.  I prefer my Logitech cordless mouse to the mouse on the Graphire as it isn't as smooth as the Logitech, and I also use an ergonomic mouse pad to prevent wrist strain. You must use the Graphire mouse on the Graphire pad--that's how the electronic connection is made, through the tablet. Still, this is a wonderful interface especially if you have kids. They can draw and paint on the computer. What a great idea. And this is wonderful for creating digital art for your webpage. (ok, who'm I kidding! I'm the one who uses the pad and draws for the website and sends pictures to my mom in email.)
3524 I have a pretty paper Ikea lamp that looks a bit like a woman's torso got combined with a Japanese paper lantern by some evil scientist. It's a floor lamp and it sits in the corner of the bedroom to provide some soft lighting and a nice decorative effect along with my Chinese paintings.  However, you need a special light bulb for the lamp; not a standard socket and these are what you need. The name "Sparsam" seems to be Swedish for "save money" but you don't on the price of the bulb that is for sure. You do save on energy. And on light output; they are dim bulbs, indeed. I just can't cotton to the new non-incandescent lighting. None of it seems to really work for me and for reading, I have an Ott-Lite to really give me enough to see by.  One other issue; the textured coating of the bulbs gathers dust in a big way. I have to wipe these down with a dampish cloth rather frequently.  I don't love these bulbs, but as long as I own this decorative lamp, I'm kind of stuck. At least I can find them here and not have to trudge 100 miles to the nearest Ikea and wander through its vastness.
3525 Jeeves and Bertie are a classic pair; the unintelligent Bertie, rich, idle and blessed with bad brains AND creatively bad judgment is kept in check by his horribly under-employed-for-his-intellect valet Jeeves. As usual, Jeeves pulls Bertie back from the fire but occasionally, not before Bertie gets singed. It's one of those books you pull up to read when you are in a bad mood. Soon, the world looks a lot brighter.
3526 I love these books by Roycraft. If you love painting landscape or natural subjects, you cannot go wrong reading this book. Roycraft's techniques look simple (a lot of splashing going on) but they are controlled and well thought out. If you love floral painting you should not miss his examples here of a peony and an iris. JUST Breathtaking.  I picked up so many ideas from this book. Not only are Roycraft's paintings beautiful to see, he knows how to communicate his techniques incredibly well. I'm glad I found this watercolor artist's books.
3527 This is the inside story of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, which could be called a polygamist cult--but that doesn't really do justice to what went on behind closed doors with the Jeffs family. Though they called themselves "Latter Day Saints" and their cult copied some rituals from the LDS Church, it had absolutely nothing do with the actual LDS Church in reality. Was this a band of serial pedophiles who set up an elaborate system to supply underage girls for sex? Rebecca Musser escaped and helped bring this group to justice. This story was in the news but the details and history are so much more shocking in this memoir that I felt as if I had known nothing about it beforehand.  Sometimes, the details are revolting--"temple" chambers set up as bedrooms for unspeakable and immoral acts cloaked in cultish religion, familiar if you read about the "Children of God." The same pattern of a leader coercing followers to supply children for sex. But what was worse to me was the physical abuse of children; one "sister-wife" ruptured the kidney of one of the children of her husband; the husband did nothing and there was a lot more abuse of this kind. Fasts in honor of ailing leaders sapped the health of adults, injuries and illness went untreated with serious consequence. It's so sad.  This is the story behind the scenes and it put so much more detail and background that it is a fascinating, if horrible look at a cult that systematically abused women and children. Nothing in the news really prepared me for the true horrors these women experienced.
3528 This unit is small; the size of a point-and-shoot camera. It has bright LED lights in front that flicker from blue-white to a few colors (red, green, blue) to project the light as if a television set were on in any room. It gives the appearance of someone home and watching television, thus a deterrent to any home invader who doesn't want company while they ransack your place.  It has a good feature; goes on at dusk (sensor at top) and off four or seven hours later.  Pros:  Cheap and easy. Well, not so cheap. It's about $20 more than it ought to be, in my opinion. We're probably shelling out that extra twenty for the feeling of security. But it's not a very elaborate or complicated device.  Takes the power of a nightlight, so is energy-sparing and economical to leave on for a period of time.  Easy to use; on-off switch, electric cord, timer feature.  Proven deterrent to criminals; TV means Person Home And Awake.  You don't have to leave on a real TV on a timer.  It's bright.  Cons:  I think it's a bit overpriced  It doesn't have sound, of course. But you can leave a radio on a timer for "sounds of home"  It has to be near an outlet--short cord.  Works best behind a window shade of some kind so the flickering light shows but you can't peer in and see the fakey-fake-fake TV.  Summary: reasonable addition to home security, liked by self-defense experts, not a huge investment.
3529 Most of the outdoor rugs I've seen are brown, rust or neutral colors. They look dull to me. This outdoor rug, made of recycled polypropylene, is an amazing aqua color with a beige background and looks like an Oriental rug. If you like outdoor living, and have some of that furniture that is inevitably in that taupe color, this makes the outdoor living space look completely amazing. And it can be hosed off. This is the first blue rug I've been able to find.
3530 Every year, 700,000 women and children are smuggled across international borders by slave rings. Human trafficking. Call it what you like, but women and children, primarily, are lured by stories of good jobs or husbands by these crooks and end up in prostitution and slavery. This reads like stories of "white slavery" in the Nineteenth Century but it's going on today The book is written from the viewpoint of several of the victims. It reads like a thriller, and it's very touching. I couldn't put it down. You'll be writing your congressman after reading this, asking what can be done to remedy this human tragedy. Can you believe slavery still exists in this country? No? Then read this.
3531 Most luggage, even PC cases, have rolling wheels these days. But boxes, odd duffle bags and other luggage do not, and it's increasingly difficult to put carry-on luggage on the plane. If you go to trade shows or carry home packages and boxes, this luggage cart is a real lifesaver in the airport, train station or convention center.
3532 The recipes in this book are the treasured kind of American home cooking you find in regional church cookbooks. (Artichoke chicken, fried pickles, chikin'n'dumplins, chicken-fried beef tips.) Note; not diet food. But these are great for covered-dish events or when nothing but "mommy-food" will soothe your jagged nerves.  The humor is genuine, the anecdotes are fun (my fave, using horse corn to make creamed corn.)  This book could be your secret recipe horde to impress the potluck crowd.
3533 We got this because we knew next to nothing about accounting. The user guide is a well-written manual (!) that helps you set up your accounts and guides you through the process of managing your invoices,setting up vendors, accounts, payroll and more. It has a section on creating a professional image, how to work with an accountant if they don't use Quickbooks and much, much more. And that's just the manual. The software is easy to set up and has hooks for online payment systems like PayPal. This is a fantastic piece of software and is absolutely excellent.
3534 This cookbook has basic vegetarian (not vegan) recipes. Some are Russian-influenced and I recognized more than a few that my grandmother, who came from Kiev, might have made herself. Beet and potato soup, cold cucumber soup with yogurt, and some mushroom dishes as well as the classic Salade Russe are in this book, though they aren't billed as Russian. However, many of the chapters start with recipes for quinoa, the high protein "superfood" from South America that cooks up like a fluffy grain and is gluten free. If you like quinoa, this book has some great ideas for ways to use it.  This book has good soup recipes, so I'm happy just to have those new additions to my recipe book (ie, the Kindle.) If you don't like feta cheese or yogurt, and you want vegan recipes, this book is probably not for you. No recipe is very elaborate and none use anything you can't find in the average American grocery store.
3535 For pancakes, this iron griddle heats slowly and evenly, and it holds the heat better than a teflon griddle but...you...must...season this and instruct well-meaning helpers NOT, repeat, NOT to use any soap of any kind, sponge, steel wool pad, on the griddle. Ever. If you are worried about cleaning it, you can scrub the surface with a hot, clean water, handful of cooking salt and a clean paper towel. After seasoning, pancakes cook evenly and this is wide enough to go over two burners and really get some production going at breakfast. Just remember about the seasoning and the No-Soap.
3536 This book says "how to become a more accomplished, adventurous cook" but even IF you think you are already pretty much accomplished and you love adventurous food, this book has a lot to offer. I was bowled over immediately by the first page I randomly turned to, tacos with charred corn and zucchini. It turns out, this is one of my favorite things to order at a restaurant in New Mexico (Blue Corn in Santa Fe) and I am just thinking how great it's going to be to fire up the charcoal grill in summer and make these for guests. Then there is a recipe for brussels sprouts with a horseradish-lemon dressing. The bitter of the horseradish works with the bitter of the sprouts, and the lemon makes it balanced--great idea.  In fact, the recipes that appeal to me the most in this book are vegetables. There ARE a lot of meat recipes (spare ribs, lamb roasts, Peruvian-style beef steak) but the vegetable course appeal to me more. And that means that if you are not a big meat eater, you can find something to perk up your repertoire in this book.  The dessert course is equally adventuresome: mango custard pie, dulce de leche-lemon cheese cake and a chai-flavored coffee cake.  I found many, many things to bookmark for entertaining or for even just to make more out of a haul of vegetables from the farm stand. It also looks like a pretty decent gift for friends of mine who are enthusiastic cooks. Highly recommended.
3537 This little light strip is no longer than a school ruler and it provides light where you  need it. I have a number of closets with no lights (coat closet) and I was able to put this up and have light where I needed it. It takes four AAA batteries and it's very compact. The LEDs provide surprisingly bright light. If you have a dark corner or a cabinet in your workshop or kitchen where you need more light, this is a great solution. Item received in exchange for evaluation and review.
3538 If you read French or not, this is a wonderful magazine. The crafts include embroidery, collage, knitting, tapestry, cooking and more. The fashion and style areas give novel ideas for using junk like funky-labeled tin cans for a beach house door curtain, making mirror frames from bottle caps. Think sort of, Martha Stewart with a French twist. The trimestrial issues have a holiday or seasonal theme, Christmas, Spring, Summer, Autumn. Every issue has an abecedaire (sampler) in a clever type of embroidery. Usually there is a knitted pattern, most often for babies but not always. There is usually a travelogue to an exotic place, with great photos. And you can get a long long advance look at US style trends--for example, Marie Claire Idees featured toile and transfer printed china years before it got to be a hot trend in the US. I save every issue.
3539 I think the true value of this book lies in the chapters about fibers and their performance for sock knitting. I can't tell you how many times I've knit a sock and found either the yarn was unsuitable (too tight for the type of knitting or too soft to be durable.) The fiber determines not only wear and elasticity but also if the stitch pattern you are using will show up well.  There are chapters on design, including the function of various types of stitches, from ribbings to twisted stitches and colorwork. The patterns are very pretty, and I want to knit quite a few of them, but the REAL value in this book, I believe, is for designers of new sock patterns. This thoughtful and well-organized book will give you a lot of help in choosing yarns and stitches to make a very good sock design. Recommended
3540 I was quite surprised at the quality of these Sabatier bowls. They are rounded inside and quite deep (good for beating batter and egg whites.) They are polished to a high shine and very, very pretty. They have a handle on the sides, which is not so useful for holding the bowl, but very nice for hanging the bowls on the wall or from a pot rack. The only problem is that they are SO pretty I hate to bash them up with a wire whisk. I suppose I will have to use one of those nylon ones. These are some of the nicest stainless bowls I've ever seen. Just love'em.
3541 If you are not computer-savvy or if you fear your kids are outpacing you in computer skills (hint, they know more than you think they do) then this is for you. ESPECIALLY for grandparents raising grandkids. HINT HINT. The internet is a funny place, a Wild West of opportunities, scam artists, predators and information (like in a Wild West Saloon) you don't want underaged kids to see and involve in.  The two parts of this book I really liked were how to set up email programs appropriately and better yet, how to check hard drives and other media for bad material that kids are getting into. I have heard so many times that the grandkids came to visit Mom-mom and Pop-Pop and the computer was virus-laden and porn-ridden to the point of unuseability after the kids got at it.  Unless you are really adept and a computer guru, this book is a great start for everyone.
3542 I'll bet most people cook without a cookbook and aren't even aware of what they are doing --improvising on known dishes and techniques. And I learned to cook as a child from my mom, so I've been cooking for decades. But what if you didn't learn to cook and now you have to? This is a great book for learning important basic techniques. I didn't like all of the recipes I saw, but the IDEAS are right. And keeping broth and frozen spinach on hand is a good thing--I always do that myself. Wonton skins are useful as well, but I don't agree with a no-bake lasagna. The blueprint for creating stir-fry is also helpful. If you already know how to cook, you won't need this book. If you are learning how to cook and want to streamline the process, this can help
3543 I'm normally an XL and the XL in Helly Hansen doesn't fit well. It's good material for a base layer, but too narrow in the shoulders for me. I ended up returning these and finding that Danskins fit me better and performed well under my fleece anorak. If you are narrow-shouldered or slimmer than me, you will find these fit you. If you are husky on top, try a different brand.
3544 Kahurangi Maori This CD is chock-full of Haka Dance War Chants, harmonic three-part Maori songs (a merger of Maori traditional tunes and influence from European missionaries.) The CD is pleasant to listen to, with the wonderful Polynesian beat and delightful singing and chanting. It's a different sound than Hawaiian or Tahitian, though similar in some respects. This CD is an especially good value, with 24 different chants and songs, and a good set of liner notes picturing the Kahurangi touring troupe, gathered from schools and other Maori groups in New Zealand. If you like Polynesian music, this CD is an excellent overview of the Maori musical tradition.
3545 At first glance, the Urban Knitter does not have a lot of slick designs, engagingly photographed with pretty models. Visually, I found it left a lot to be desired. But if you look past the cosmetics, there is a wealth of information here on FORM and FIT detail that is unique and useful. Examples: there is a lot of attention to construction. So much so that two sports bra patterns are given. The directional knitting is interesting and fitting such a knitting garment is no mean trick. While some of the other items may look boring, good simple patterns that can be knit in a fine yarn for evening (cardijackets for example) are valuable. Maybe you won't be knitting a dress or a bra, but this book will teach you about construction and fit in a way no other knitting book can.
3546 I hate screen doors because I have 2 dogs and a cat. The cat believes in the definition of a door "That which the cat wants to be on the other side of" and the dogs jump on the screens and break them. This seemed better than endlessly taking the door to Home Depot to be re-screened.  Good points:  It does close up magnetically and keep out the flies.  It is not hard to install.  It is good looking (black mesh.)  Bad Points:  No installation instructions; but thanks to the miracle of YouTube you can find a video demo.  The velcro may need to be repositioned, but if you do that, you lose its sticky property (and some paint on the door frame, too.  Really has to have the upholstery tacks (included) put in to keep the door hanging.  If you have anything of ferrous metal nearby (door...) the mesh will flap open but magnetically stick to the door and not flap shut.  The dogs figured out how to go in and out in about 2 seconds. But it doesn't always flap shut after them  The cat still wants to always be on the OTHER side of it.
3547 I love red, white and blue and I love seaside themes. They are popular out our way, because we are between two large bays and near the Atlantic; many people use sea themes for decor here. These dishes are large porcelain vessels with a pretty screened theme of seahorse, starfish and sand dollar. A pale grey or taupe rope links the design.  The bowl is a large, deep cereal bowl--larger than a latte bowl and the salad plate is almost as large as some European dinner plates--9 1/2". The dinner plate is also a bit larger and the mug has a handle big enough to insert a hand comfortably.  If you like these, the four place settings set is a good deal:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lenox-16-Piece-Oceanside-Dinnerware-Set-Multicolor/dp/B01769S2AW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lenox 16 Piece Oceanside Dinnerware Set, Multicolor</a>&nbsp;I do not see completer or accessory pieces such as pasta bowls or sugar, creamer etc. But plain white pasta bowls would go fine. I like this set very well and think it's casual but elegant.
3548 This blend is not always available, which is a real shame as it's absolutely the way I like my coffee. The blend incorporates a fruity cherry note, some acid (but not too much) and some body but again, this is a medium bodied coffee and it blends in four different regions.  The coffee varietals are Papua New Guinea, a sweet, herbal coffee -one of my favorites, Colombian, which provides the bright fragrance and the acid, Sumatran which is spicy and has some body, and Ethiopian, which gives the fruity, cherry flavors. While I enjoy the Christmas and Thankgiving blends every year, this blend is by far the best thing Starbucks ever created and I stock up on whole beans so I don't run out. Nothing comes close.
3549 Katherine Hepburn was (at least for our generation and our parent's) one of the iconic actresses, one of the greats. She had her own style, popularlizing wearing pants, for example, had a scandalous (at that time) long-term relationship with the married Spencer Tracy and made some classic and great films. (My fave happens to be "Lion in Winter. But of course, there are so many better ones.)  This autobiography is episodic and a bit like listening to her abrupt and pointed style of talking. What's interesting especially is reading about her family. There were tragedies, a lot fun, too. She was athletic and strong, a trait that stood her in good stead for a long, productive life. She was always opinionated and headstrong, and for a long time, box-office poison due to a notable film failure. She covers this failure with a good, clear-eyed look at what went wrong.  If you love classic film, and the great actresses like Bette Davis, Vanessa Redgrave and Hepburn, you'll enjoy reading this bio.
3550 A friend of mine has a cute 2 year old and she knit the barnyard duck sweater for him. (This kid was leaning out of his stroller at 3 months of age, waiting to see the ducks on the river that runs through the center of town. He'd go wild when he saw them. Unbelievable. ) The slippers are so cute, you want to wear them too. My only caution is that to get these darling designs, you need to knit intarsia. This is the method where you use a small bobbin or ball of color for the design patches and you do not strand as you do with fair-isle type knitting. That takes some practice. There are some good instruction books available to help you learn this useful and gorgeous technique. Don't let fear of intarsia stop you. These sweaters are small projects because they are kiddie-sized and boy are they EVER cute. Enjoy.
3551 If you are at home and don't want to walk outside (maybe the weather is lousy), this is a perfect 2 DVD set that takes you from a 1 mile walk to a walk with hand-held weights for bone-strengthening and intensity. It can all be done in a small room in front of your DVD player and television.  This is absolutely perfect for anyone getting started in exercise, as it is low impact and takes up no space. Other than possibly wanting to buy two exercise balls which are listed for sale inside the dvd set at about 10 bucks before shipping, you need nothing but this dvd, good shoes and a dvd-player and TV or even just a computer.  When the 1 mile workout is too easy, you can step up to a 2 mile workout. The advantage here is that the PACE and the DISTANCE are set by walking with Leslie and her team. You will know you did the right workout rather than guess if ambling around the block really got your heatrate up and was the right distance for an effective workout. Needless to say, if you don't like walking in bad weather, this is a great thing to keep at home for crummy days with rain, snow, heat or cold.
3552 Well, you will never buy another Ginsu set again. Don't even waste your money on cheap knives, ever. Get one set of good ones, and have them for years, like chefs do. What knives do you really need? An 8 inch chef's (This is a 12, frankly a bit of overkill except for certain applications), a paring knife of the same quality, a block to store them (OUT OF THE DRAWER please) and a steel. A diamond block to sharpen is also a must unless you have a true professional sharpener in your area (the factory guy comes to our hardware store yearly and makes them practically lethally sharp; you may not have such an advantage.) Get a good chopping board; a huge plastic one is a great choice, as you can wash it and sterilize it easily. 12 inches is a bit large; I prefer the 8 for most applications. However, for vegetables and Chinese foods, this is a super size.  The handle (very important) is well designed and comfortable. BE WARNED: you must NOT chop chicken bones or you will damage the fine edge. If you want to chop and debone meats, get a cleaver or boning knife. I like a Chinese cleaver for this type of work. Be careful shopping for name brand knives; some lines have "cheap" starter brands that aren't worth the illustrious name stamped on them. This Henckels knife is a real pro, and worth the money.
3553 The value of this book is that you are likely to actually use it. Some cookbooks are exciting reading but when it comes to actually finding that magre de canard or black-truffle flavored oil, if you live in a rural area or are just pressed for time, your shelves aren't likely to be stocked with such items. Rachel Ray not only uses more down-to-earth and readily available ingredients, she takes no more than 30 minutes to make a fine meal that stands in for a family dinner with kids, a romantic evening at home with your honey or guests dropping by TOMORROW and you can just about make it to the Shop-and-Drop to get provisions in. Her desserts are, for example, often based on vanilla ice cream. But they are not boring and who doesn't like a treat of a good creamy ice cream once in a while? Ray, who comes from New England, a region with a wealth of good sense in cooking, uses healthy things like yogurt, commonly available fruits and veggies, and combines them with intelligence. Is this Haute Cuisine? No, but it is in the tradition of excellence in home cooking and it's pitched to the cook who wants a nice meal with only a modest investment of time and money. Highly recommended.
3554 If you get mascara that just won't wash off (I had a tube that wouldn't even come off with cleansing oil) this does the trick. It's fairly gentle. The instructions say you don't need to wash it off, but I wipe off with a wetted cotton afterwards as I don't want anything left on before I go to bed. Very nice makeup remover.
3555 Good price, maybe they'll work for you. I had no trouble installing these. You just pop the stem of the light onto the cable and the teeth pierce the insulation, making a connection.  There is a low voltage transformer that controls the on-off timing. I put it inside the cellar and ran the wire through a small hole drilled in the window frame, and ported it to the outside. Bury the wire in the soil, cover with mulch. Took maybe an hour. BUT these aren't industrial strength lights and the neighbor's dog  immediately knocked them off their stems and broke them the same day I installed them. In short, put them in a protected place or leave them alone. They aren't very strong.
3556 John Pike was a student of Charles Hawthorne from the "Cape Cod School." Pike spent time in the West Indies, and later did illustrations for magazines such as Colliers, Life, Fortune, and Readers Digest. His paintings, which remind me of a mix of Maxfield Parrish and Winslow Homer, take advantage of that gorgeous light of late afternoon or the weird mist of early morning, especially in New England and New York State.  His art is found in many museums and permanent collections. His books sold many copies in the 1960's and inspired a lot of amateurs to try their hand at this expressive medium. This book is one of my favorites. Right from the start, the cover challenges the watercolorist to learn about light, economical use of brush strokes, and a surprisingly limited palette that excludes tricks and gimmicks. If you are serious about watercolor, this book is probably on your shelf or wants to be there. Frankly, I love this book for the cover alone, but the advice is timeless and worth learning.
3557 This book has helpful information for Weight Watchers(tm) members, but it is also useful for making more healthful versions of your home favorites like beef stew, muffins, soups and other American-style dishes. I hate having to serve one dish to my husband or guests, and another (less appetizing!) dish to myself, so this book is a big help to me. I particularly liked the Grilled Chicken Citrus Salad (because I love the combination of chicken and citrus in salads and grilling adds that gourmet touch) and I also liked the lower fat muffins and stews. I don't feel I am making substitute diet food in the least, and I can even serve it to company. Now, that's a cookbook that is really useful! Just one caveat: you MUST watch your portion sizes. There is a fine brownie pie in here, but that doesn't mean you can wolf down a quarter of it and call it "diet."
3558 When I was growing up, the Anne Frank Diary was about the biggest thing around for students to read--we were just ten years past the horrors of WWII. All of us read it in school, in Sunday School and at home.  But there was more to the diary than the version we read back then. Anne's diary was rescued by Otto Frank, her father, who survived the concentration camps. He had found Anne's diary in the "secret annex" after the war. However, to shed a more gentle light on the family, Frank edited the diary. There is more than one version.  This book also has many photos and stories that were unknown to me, so I have shared the book all around with family members and friends who are familiar with Anne's poignant writing. This book fleshes out the story of Anne much more so, and is a valuable addition to her history and the history of World War II and the Holocaust. Recommended.
3559 I like these micro cards with adapters. You can use them in either a camera that takes an SD card or a phone that takes a micro card.  I tested this card with the adapter in my laptop with H2testw V1.4 software, which you can download for free to test your own. cards. The results:  Writing speed: 64.8 MByte/s Reading speed: 73.7 MByte/s  The card is rated "up to 90Mb/s write, 80 Mb/s read." You can see that the write is very much under the "up to 90mb/s" rating but the reading speed is fairly close. Cards slow down over time, but this is a fresh card out of the package.  The card seems to be genuine: the card has M32 written on it. Packaging matches the card.  For comparison, I tested a PNY 64GB  Pro Elite that claimed up to 95MB/s read and 90MB/s write. The results were  72.7 MB/s writer and 67.2MB/s read.  So neither card came close to the maximum write speed but the Samsung was close on the reading speed. The write speed is critical for fast writing of files such as camera and video files. Though it didn't achieve the 90MB/s top speed, it seems adequate.
3560 Worked great. Six Torx screws, plus taking out the old handle and putting it in with one flat head screw, and my dishwasher was repaired. By me. For not a lot of money, either. The panel works on certain models of Maytag that are badged Maytag but really Whirlpool inside. The membrane buttons are prone to corrosion from steam (poor design choice) but the dishwasher works well, so I repaired it.
3561 Mr. Wiseman, a professional artist, includes 101 solutions for various situations that the watercolorist typical finds, such as how to paint in monochrome, painting clouds, buildings, how to compose your painting.  Mr. Wiseman's own watercolor style is loose and very British--simple strokes that convey much information, and a limited, subdued palette. If this is your style, or you are a beginner, I think this is a wonderful book to add to your watercolor library.
3562 I don't know how I ever did without this cart. The triple canvas bag lets me sort the laundry into lights, darks and "dainty things." The hanging bar above is very useful as we don't tumble-dry shirts (they shrink and we are TALL!) The neutral color canvas makes this especially nice, as it goes in any laundry room decor. Really a requirement for any laundry room, in my opinion.
3563 This blender by Frididaire is not like the original ones by Braun or other manufacturers. The stem is steel, the speed is variable and it has attachments and even an LED readout. The extra-long stem means you can puree in a deeper vessel. It's stainless steel, which cleans up well (no oily residue; oils tend to stick to plastic and you really have to wash thoroughly with detergent to get plastic items squeaky clean.) This thing is BIG. A friend who I had try it called it The Monster. He liked it, however. It makes short work of soup in a vat.  Features:  The blade is a new design, that creates vortices and has sharp knife edges. (A triple blade, not the usual single blade sharpened on two opposite sides.)  There is an extra-large chopping beaker, for chopping fruits and veggies.  You can select nine different speeds or hit the "turbo" button for max power right out of the gate. They claim you can crush ice with this but I haven't tried that out yet.  It comes with a dual whisk, sort of a hybrid between the old dual-beater designs of handheld beaters and a single wire whisk; this works REALLY well on egg whites. (One of my tests.)  It makes very smooth "smoothies" in the beaker.  Definitely works for bean soups.  The bottom line? If you want a professional immersion blender and are willing to spend two to three times the cost of a basic unit, you'll get a lot of function and control as well as versatility. A very impressive design.
3564 Good solution to dress up an umbrella table for al fresco dining with a bit more panache. I added red placemats and a bright umbrella. Really nice for dining on the deck with company.
3565 Glazed cover day planner with a page a day for weekdays and a shared weekend page. There are small manga drawings on each page and then a short graphic manga novel at the end.  The paper stock is a peach or light terra cotta color. It works well with the purplish ink I have in my fountain pen.  There are pages in front of useful information (holiday calendar, emergency numbers, places for personal information) and the cover is sturdy but not heavy.  I am using it for my guitar practice notebook. It slides easily into my purse but has enough pages for a year of notes on lessons and performances.
3566 Handsome stool with leather type seat and antiqued wood with antiqued metal trim. Queen Anne style legs, so this fits a traditional kitchen.  The foot rest looks a bit loose, so if you find it's wiggly, make sure you reglue any joints and watch in winter, when joints tend to shrink: I had wood dining chairs that did that and it was a matter of using wood glue to put them back on securely.  Kind of traditional French Provencal or Tuscan, so if you have that sort of dcor, you may like these stools.
3567 These cups are nice for our office--we can have teas on hand for guest who don't drink coffee. I like the "Sleepytime" which despite the name, is a good after-lunch tea. The linden flowers and spearmint are very soothing. But there is only ONE herbal in this selection (leaving out the Mandarin Orange, which is very popular) and well, you can throw a black tea bag, even a premium tea bag, into a cup of water drawn off the Keurig and it's a lot less expensive.  To do this, you simply set the machine for 10 oz and don't put a K-cup in the holder (you do have to open it and shut it to tell the machine "ready!") Then push the brew button and you get a cup of hot water. Throw in a bag. Cost? Maybe 10 pennies, depending on what you had to spend on the tea bags.  The nice thing about Keurig brewed tea is no bag and the strength is usually perfect. But unless you worry about mess or have a public serve-yourself-area where you want to limit cleanup to throwing away K-cups and sugar packets, then these are kind of an unnecessary luxury. I had a set, but I won't rebuy them.
3568 Yeah, welcome to the world of modern medical care. Depending on how good your medical plan is, or even how good your doctor is at listening to you, you may or may NOT get the care you need and are, I might add, paying for. This book helps you see to it that your health care provider (ie, HMO or medical plan) and doctor are giving you the best care possible, the care that is right for you. The idea of patients as advocates for their health is not new, but this book lists common ailments such as gall bladder, Parkinson's and gives the spin on how to get your doctor to give you the best treatment. What's really a crying shame is that when people are ill, they are not equipped to do battle with their health care provider and doctor. So make sure you have a family member read this book, in case one day you are too ill to fight for your own health care needs.
3569 Pinkish mauve colored nonstick pan used to make tamagoyaki, or rolled egg omelet. Japanese omelets are uniform, sliced and used on top sushi (usually not a popular choice in the US but the traditional starter piece in Japan "so you can judge the quality of the rice." The slices also show up in Bento lunchboxes and on Spam musubi, a molded teriyaki Spam slice on plain rice, popular in Hawaii. You press rice into an empty Spam can, put on a slice of tamago, a slice of glazed grilled Spam and hold it together with a strip of nori after you unmold it.  I used to mold my tamago by rolling omelet from a round pan in a sushi mat to form it up, and then trim ends. The pan lets you roll the omelet more solidly and the ends are squared. Tamagoyaki videos are on YouTube. The egg typically is not diluted with milk or water and has a couple of teaspoons of sweet Mirin wine, sugar or even maple syrup whisked in. Like certain dishes of Japanese cuisine, it's slightly sweet. Kids like it.  The pan fits about 3 extra large eggs.
3570 My previous office had desks that adjusted up and down (you could stand if you wanted to.) The bank and post office were also a 5 minute walk down the hill so I got some fresh air during the day many times.  That was real luxury. Now I have a regular cubicle and the office is the only thing around for miles (hello, Dilbert.) At the end of the day I was surprise how sore and tired I was. This did not make sense, as I certainly was not doing any physical labor. The lack of movement turned out to be the source of the problem. The comfy chair just tempts me to sit and not move around. There's an exercise room, but who wants to change into shorts and a tee to get a breather? Not me. So this book turned out to be rather helpful. In addition to stretches for fingers, wrists, hands and back, there are ones for the legs too. I find my hips get sore, and this helps a lot to do some simple stretching. The book is a nice, small format that you can hide in a drawer or leave on the desk without it taking up a lot of room. There are some helpful hints, such as taking a break and walking outside if possible and  drinking lots of water. Now I make sure NOT to eat my lunch in my cubicle, and I make water breaks to refill my mug and take a stroll now and then. It helps a lot at the end of the day.
3571 The rice cooked up very nicely but was probably old crop (it's dry.) I didn't presoak, did wash it well and used the correct amount of water for softer rice in my Zojirushi rice cooker. But it came out a bit dry with separated grains. Now, many people like rice that way, but I like it a bit sticky and stuck somewhat for chopstick eating.  It rinsed up very clean. There was hardly any coating and it didn't take long to get the water clear in the rice sieve.  The flavor wasn't like Nishiki brand, which I prefer.  A bit plain with no  overtones, absolutely neutral. I like some of the subtle tastes you get in rice and this was too neutral.  This will work well for rice balls (onigiri), musubi (stuffed rice triangles) and for sushi because the grains separate well yet being short grain, it can press together, and the grains are not broken. With seasoning like vinegar or sesame oil (for gimbap Korean rice rolls) it's perfect.  I give it four stars, because I didn't prefer it to Nishiki but there is nothing wrong with this rice and for sushi, it may be superior.
3572 Suzanne Somers did her homework when she went looking for a diet to beat middle-age spread, and enlisted the help of California endocrinologist Diane Schwarzbein. The "Somercize" diet is low-carb but not no-carb like the Atkins program. The major benefit here is two-fold: Want to reduce refined starches and sugars in your diet? Look no further. The recipes here are mostly low carb and low sugar. You can use saccharine or "Somersweet" --a mix of fruit fiber and fructose that is still sugar but lower in simple sugars than sucrose or corn syrup. Unfortunately, it's only sold on Suzanne's website, but she does provide the alternative of artificial sweetners. The second benefit is that if you don't care about sweets, you can ignore the desserts and head for the main dishes, which are all thoughtfully created with delicious vegetables, meats and seasonings to please the most discriminating palate. The Somercize diet is a combination of the fad for food-combining; here fat and protein are ok, carbs like vegetables or whole grains are not eaten with fat or protein, and fruits go alone. Some foods are "funky foods" --that is, a mix of carbs and fat or carbs and proteins, and they are verboten until you lose sufficient weight. Will it work? Possibly. Some people do report great results. But the value here is probably more in the cookbook, which really does have very nice recipes for low sugar, well-prepared meals. And if you do get Somersweet or use saccharine, there are ice cream recipes...so how bad can this be? An attractive book, possibly useful even to Atkins dieters who can navigate those recipes with carbohydrates. And certainly if you are editing sugar out, you won't suffer with this plan.
3573 This is quite an amazing film; the lead actress is Victoire Thivosol ("Chocolat"--Anouk) who gives an award-winning performance at the tender age of 4 years old. She plays Ponette, the young daughter of a woman killed in an auto accident. Her father, unable to deal well with the loss himself, leaves Ponette at an aunt's and ultimately at a children's school. During the school days and the weekends with her cousins, Ponette deals with the horrendous loss. She seeks her own form of belief, and is bumped around by all the other children, who good-naturedly or not try to share their own beliefs and magic gestures to make sense of the world. The ending doesn't please everyone but I liked it, especially for the cameo role played by Marie Trintignant. The camera angle is interesting throughout--tight and close and at child-level. We see the world up close and at Ponette's viewpoint, adding to the feeling of being overwhelmed and buffeted by life. This film is well-deserving of the many awards it received and Victoire Thivisol is nothing short of amazing. Definitely see this one.
3574 Even though I normally use a diamond sharpening block and know how to check the angles of the bevel, I have to admit, this device is quick and easy. It gives an acceptable edge as long as you use it according to directions. It is convenient, as it can sit on your counter or be pulled out of the cupboard in a jiffy. So you tend to keep your knives sharp. The problem with hand sharpening is that it is finicky work that takes time. This is faster and easier, so you tend to do it oftener. A sharp knife is actually a safer knife as it cuts easily. If you force a dull knife, it can slip and make a nasty cut. (The worst cut I ever saw was with a knife too dull to cut wax. It had no edge, but made a nasty, torn gash. The user was forcing the dull edge through wax and got injured.) So keep your knives sharp and in a block and use them with respect. This sharpener will certainly help you do that.
3575 I've been eating this rice seasoning since college.  A Hawaiian kid down the hall would cook up a big batch of rice, open cans of Hawaiian coral tuna and pass around packets of this mix. The dorm did not serve dinner on Sunday night and we were totally sick of eating pizza. I love the crunch of the little wheat crackers, the salty tea pellets and the strips of nori seaweed (same as wraps your sushi rolls.)  You can sprinkle this on rice, or you can use it the way it was actually intended; sprinkle a packet on a bowl of rice (I find half a packet is sufficient) and then add hot green tea and you have "chazuke" or "tea rice." This is an age-old Japanese way to finish up a bowl of rice at home, pouring your green tea over the rice and seasoning it with bits of fish, pickle, sansho pepper, shiso leaves or just soy sauce or salt. There are several varieties of this dried Chazuke mix, including one with dried umeboshi pickled plums (I love that one) and with "sake" which is the word for "salmon" in this case, not the rice wine. I am not as fond of that one because I'm not so fond of dried salmon. I pick this up for less at the local Korean grocery store. If you have an ethnic Japanese or Korean market, they may stock it as well. The package has three packets inside.
3576 The great essayist Mary Frances Kennedy Fisher wrote this last volume, starting in 1943 and then in the 1990's, when Parkinson's Disease began to make it impossible for her to speak, as a sort of summary of her writings. This book gives a lot of insight into MFK Fisher's life when she returned to the US from Europe, married again after her first husband's death. Some of the writing is familiar, subjects visited before such as her life in Europe, and some is quite new, if all you've read are her classic essays in "Serve it Forth", for example.  The Last House is one designed for her in Glen Ellen, California. In this house, she writes honestly of the ravages of age, incapacity, fright and regrets. It's brutally honest, as all her writing is. If you love the works of this author, this is a must-read.
3577 Overpriced. You can recreate this with paper, Sharpie markers and some pencils. Nice idea but way too much for cardboard, etc.
3578 This book has a romance story in Amish Country. While it's an exciting story, with marriages, death, danger and love, the main male character is not written well enough to be believable. He's capricious, friendly and loving one minute, and isolated, hateful and rude the next. The author was trying to write a conflicted character with a back story, but the back story takes a long time to develop, and meanwhile, the actions are so inexplicable that he's just not believable. He's like one of those cats you are petting and it suddenly bites your hand--except I can understand the cat (it got over-stimulated and that's what cats do when they are over-stimulated. They go from purr to pounce and well, we get that.) This guy is just plain nuts, and the later explanation didn't work for me. When you have someone that is like a Heathcliff or a Mr. Rochester, the author gives hints all along why there is some capriciousness in their behavior.  The Amish part of this story was kind of dull. Except for the choosing of the bishop (which is indeed done by lots in the Amish church) and some shunning, it was barely "Amish."  I just didn't believe Adam Zuckerman enough to enjoy the story. The main female character Sarah was well-written, and the predicaments they got into were interesting, and I did read the entire book in one go (so it wasn't boring) but the flaw in the creation of Adam just didn't work for me. If you love this kind of romance novel, however, you'll probably enjoy it.
3579 I could hardly put this book down. Never mind the Martha Stewart trial, this is where the excitement and drama in the ImClone story lies.  Sam Waksal, a scientist and business developer with a checkered past, lives a celebrity lifestyle, hanging out with the rich and famous, owning several fancy houses, driving fast cars, and heading a firm that is working on a cancer drug so promising that people with no other hope of treatment are flinging themselves at ImClone, begging for a merciful dose of "Erbitux."  The drug apparently does reverse inoperable tumors in a few test patients who had no other hope of living. Now the race is on to fast-track the drug through the FDA approval process based on the glowing clinical trials. But the FDA reviewer is unaccountably unencouraging when meeting with one of ImClone's top scientists. What is wrong? Is Erbitux, instead of being approved , instead going have its application refused? Why! And what will this mean for the high-flying ImClone stock?  The book reads like the best thriller, and author Alex Prud'homme is adept at making you feel like the proverbial fly-on-the-wall during the action. If you are at all interested in what happened behind the Martha Stewart debacle, you must read this. It's fantastic.
3580 Ryan Browne is a successful defense attorney, so successful that he makes an enemy of the prosecutor. After making a bad choice to drink and drive, he ends up in jail and suddenly, more than one enemy gets their revenge on Ryan. As he works with an attorney to try his own case, he uncovers layers of corruption in the prosecutor's office, so deep that his own career and safety hang in the balance. The trial is the major drama of the book and well-written, for Rick Cornell the author is also a defense attorney and one who has made a career of getting justice for clients he feels have been railroaded by an over-zealous, if not outright corrupt judicial system.  It was fun to see Rick's work fictionalized--I don't know how much of this is drawn from real life, but it was exciting and rather depressing all at the same time. Makes you wonder who gets justice or if it's just a matter of luck and happy circumstances. A good effort for a first novel.
3581 Stars and checks, in Red White and Blue. So classic. Looks great on those folding tables when you have an impromptu outdoor meal.
3582 This is a sort of clear gel that 's a combo of Silly Putty and a drippy slime, the color of snot. Kids will love this--but it isn't edible so you better think letting them play with it. It balls up, after oozing from the packet, and you can compress it into the crevices of your disgusting keyboard. Correction: MY disgusting keyboard. I did my laptop and my work computer. I suggest you air-blow out the keyboards that have the deep open beds underneath. The gel won't get down far enough. But the keys ended up a lot cleaner. Not perfect, but way cleaner, picked up a lot of dust and crumbs and the keys feel less sticky. I also did my mouse.  It occurred to me you can also do those areas of your car that are hard to detail; the beverage socket, the steering wheel, radio buttons, etc.
3583 The title is misleading in a way; while the book really does have genuine folk designs (and lovely ones too, I might add) the real value of this book is the beginning pages. These pages catalog different sock heel and toe styles and tell you essentially how to design any kind of sock for yourself. If you want to knit socks, or if you love knitting socks, you really should have this book. For me, this is my most essential and most used reference book on sock and stocking knitting. Gottahaveit!
3584 The musical score for "Chocolat" was so integral to the film that you will smile at remembered scenes every time you play the CD.  But the music also stands on its own. I got the CD because I love the Django Reinhardt "Minor Swing" but I ended up being hugely impressed with the music written by Rachel Portman. She creates a wonderful, magical mood with her wistful melodies. This is a terrific "put something soothing on" CD that I play quite often. And it doesn't hurt to close your eyes sometimes, and see snow whirling around the enchanted town square of Lansquenet, and see Vianne's red cloak billowing in the wind.
3585 Simple gauge to tell humidity and temperature indoors. This is useful in a room where you play and store guitars: they need 50% humidity (ideal) or at least 45%, so you can tell how the room's environment is for your instrument.
3586 Some of my clothes can be washed on delicate in the front-loader washer, and then dried flat. Other clothes are machine washable but really, air drying is a must. This unit folds up flat, but has a FLAT TOP which lets you lay out sweaters or other flat items and dry them, or you can hang multiple items from the rungs. I place this out on my deck or in the laundry room. Our neighborhood doesn't allow outside lines (and I have one of those nice European umbrella dryers that folds up and you can bring it in like a market umbrella but no dice, NOT allowed.) So this is a good alternative.  If you have clothes that can't be machine dried (wool socks, sweaters, knit pants) this is a really handy dryer. It's very lightweight and easy to store. I save money on clothes that can be washed carefully instead of dry cleaned by using this rack.
3587 This salad chiller is flat, oval shaped and has both a fork and spoon in the lid that are pretty close to a good set of picnic ware, not the very cheap white ones but almost as sturdy as the nicer clear plastic type. Inside, is an ice pack you freeze to keep the salad chilled, three compartments--two small, one larger and a removable sauce container with a lid that fits in the center. The plastic is BPA-free.  Good points: holds lots of sauce--could hold your hummus or yogurt, something you'd want more of. Holds about 1/3 cup. Holds cherry tomatoes and baby carrots in the smaller compartments, or olives, small celery sticks, green peppers, anything for dipping.  Bad points: the larger compartment isn't quite large enough for a full lunch salad if you eat a big salad. It's larger than a side salad, but not really big if a salad is all you're going to eat.
3588 This is a very cute DVD lesson set for learning Salsa dancing. Gigi, the instructor and her partner Pedro take you from simple forward and back steps to "Kentucky" or a complicated turn. There are twenty-six lessons, and best of all, the DVD gives you a choice of angles to observe the steps. You can take front, back or high-angle and this gives you much more information about the dance steps than a single camera angle or cameraman's choice would ever do. The steps are called out by their names in Spanish: Enchufla, Adios a la Hermanas, etc, so you learn the proper terminology.  The chapters are organized by steps that are related to each other, then at the end you have a chance to review with music. And there's a teaser for Quick and Dirty Salsa Part Two and Three, where the turns get more complicated and there are some more moves (dips, etc.)  This is a nice, clean production with good organization on the DVD, nothing fancy but well-filmed, clear and simple. If you were taking Salsa in a class, this could be a fantastic review, and if you want to see if Salsa dancing is for you, try this. I think "Quick and Dirty Guide to Salsa" is very well-done, indeed.  Joanna Daneman
3589 Two of these rainsleeves come in one package. That is a great idea! I was using a shower cap in an emergency to keep rain off the camera body but it was not really all that helpful. This is designed as a tube, with a drawstring that can fit around your forearm and hand, and then let you reace in and operate the camera in wet conditions, like rain or random splashing on a boat (which is what we had going on.) I keep this in a side pocket in my camera backpack to make sure I can keep the camera from getting soaked. It's not a perfect solution for really wet conditions, but it is a big help
3590 I'm going to do a short review here and say that Corel has some advantages over Photoshop for photomanipulation or editing. Where Photoshop Elements (a fine piece of software) has you estimate or use your monitor and judgment for fixing photos, CorelDraw's Photo suite has an Integrated Image Adjustment Lab --and it tells you how you are going to affect the data on a RAW image, losing image quality by various adjustments. Instead of eyeballing what you are doing, you can retain maximum detail in highlights and shadows using their sliders and suggestions. When you exceed the limits and start to lose detail, an exclamation point crops up on the slider, showing you that you have degraded the photo quality. This is probably the best photo editing software I've used for that reason.  While I like the competing PhotoShop Elements for ease of use and the fun effect, CorelDraw has more professional features and the interface for photoediting is full of information yet easy to use. Big thumbs up.
3591 "Middlemarch" is one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it, yes, it is long. Yes, it has a lot of characters, but yes, yes it is well worth reading. George Eliot wrote of marriage and provincial English life. Pairs of characters make disastrous decisions and then have to deal with the outcome in their closed, parochial world. The author of "My Life" admires "Middlemarch" as much or even more than I do and she maps out her own personal journey from teenage years to maturity, weaving in the themes from "Middlemarch" (marriage, choice of mate, impulsive decisions, the conflict of maintaining "appearances" versus what's really lying in your heart of hearts.)  As author Mead rereads the book every few years, her perspective changes and grows. I admire this book because I also reread my favorites every year ("Jane Eyre", "Middlemarch", "Age of Innocence") and get new revelations. The author shows how important books are in shaping one's life AND shows the value and creativity of writing your reading life into your journal of your life. Worth reading as a novel way to document your personal growth. Recommended!
3592 So far, I've grown lettuce and gourmet herbs in the Aerogarden. The herbs had one failure (the cilantro) and the lettuce grew like gangbusters but didn't seem worth the trouble. Then I planted the French herb garden, wanting to have chervil and savory, among other herbs not commonly available at the grocery.  The kit has chervil, sorrel, savory, parsley, Marseilles basil, sage and chives. All of these are quite useful. I might have substituted thyme for the parsley--parsley grows pretty slowly and I think it is a waste in the Aerogarden as it's commonly available in huge bunches at the market. But it is convenient to have this essential herb at your fingertips. Sad to say, one can't have rosemary or tarragon in the Aerogarden. Both of these are woody herbs and don't really grow from seeds. But one can often find pots in the garden center. Maybe with an additional grow-light, I can add them to the kitchen garden. I wonder if the Aerogarden pods could someday be adapted to grow slips of plants like tarragon (shipped live.)  All the pods germinated before the estimated time, including chervil which has the longest (3 week) germination. The herbs are growing healthily and quickly. So far, this looks to be the most versatile of the sets I've grown. My previous herb garden resides in a flower pot and is more or less humming along--the basils and mint and chives are doing quite well in soil rather than hydroponics, though they were sulky when transplanted. I may keep this French garden growing indefinitely unless something more interesting crops up.
3593 These are actually designed to fit into a stainless steel rack and be held by the white plastic lid. (European kitchens often have utensils and spices attached to steel rails on the splashback tile. The rack system may not be available yet here.) They are a bit pricey to buy for every spice, but they grind so well, you should at least get one for each spice you prefer to grind fresh. The ceramic works far better than steel, clogging less and making a fine, even powder. Great for pepper, but also nice for dried garlic, herbs and salt. Really superb.
3594 This book is a decent outline of all the issues you should consider when dating after age 50, from the basic etiquette (who pays?) to sexual issues from what's too soon, too much (unless you're into that), and also what's TOO LITTLE, not only for guys, but also for gals.  It also covers how to date and not lose your friends and family  LBGT dating is also covered in one section.  Finally, there's a chapter on some exciting things you can do to impress your date, in case you've run out of ideas or are so rusty that you can't think beyond an evening at the movies. I give the book three stars for two reasons; each chapter or section is very basic and barely touches on the issue, and it kinda is "for dummies." Most people I know who are about my age know these things well, no matter their background, education or intellect. Basic survival. Still, if you've forgotten how it is to date, this is a good reminder of the complex issues of dating in advanced years. It doesn't cover well the complex issues of children, divorce and finance, and for that, you'd need a much more in-depth book. And frankly, that's the information you'd really want if you are getting serious. This is basic.  The book is not very much in depth--I'd describe it as a series of outlines and topic headings, things you should take into consideration. Comment Comment | Permalink
3595 The design has a spoon rest built in. The cup is a bit big for the wonky eggs we get from a local farm. You'd have to buy extra large or even jumbo or they scoot around in the cup. Not a big deal, however. I like these better than the cups on the "feet" that dribble down the sides.
3596 These novels came about in almost an accidental way; Colette was married to a much older, very unsuitable man who owned a publishing house. His method of putting out books was unscrupulous to say the least. Willy Villiers would gather a group of inpecunious writers and re-label their works as his own and then publish them. One day, he suggested to his young wife that she write a few "juicy tales" of her school days. Colette complied, but the work didn't suit Willy. He threw the manuscript in a drawer and forgot all about it. A few years later, he ran across it, read it, and exclaimed that he must have been a complete dolt. The book was published (under his name) and took Paris by storm. Colette's somewhat (for those times) racy tale of schoolgirls in a provincial town was followed by the story of Colette's move to Paris and her marriage to a much older man. The books not only capture the flavor of the times but also create a very quirky French character, Claudine, who at all times remains true to herself and opinion be damned.
3597 This classic knitting book is mainly for the lover of picture knitting (such as intarsia.) The most astonishing pattern in the book is a representation of Hiroshige's Wave, that Japanese block print with a huge blue and white ocean wave.  There are also quite a few children's sweaters and knits, including ballerina items like legwarmers and ballerina tops. Ski sweaters abound, Nowegian classic patterns, and there are baby items such as a beautiful patchwork blanket and a nice mohair layette. For kids, some special parkas with animal head hoods--a new take on the hoodie that is sure to delight any child or grandma. These animal sweaters could easily be used for Halloween costumes or Easter or Christmas pageants.  The book ends with Thirties-style shells and tanks in lacy knitting. A very versatile book that never seems to go out of style, despite some Eighties-over-the-top flamboyant shapes and patterns. Could end up being the one knitting book you use over and over again.
3598 This is an excellent overview of the challenges and opportunities of BPO or Business Process Outsourcing. Long a subject of controversy in the US, BPO is apparently here to stay and is an institution in countries like India, which have the advantage of native English speakers who can work for a fraction of salaries in the US. (My favorite story about this is calling a call center for a bank. I heard the unmistakeable Indian accent of the person helping me and I asked where I was calling. "Bangalore....I mean...BALTIMORE!" Hmm, it could easily have been either city.  The other interesting part of the book is about China and the regions of Asia poised to be the next boom growth areas, like Vietnam. The part of the chapter on China I particularly found helpful was a listing of various regions and their specialities, with maps. China is a huge country. If you are looking for a book to learn about global business, this is one that's readable and a great desk reference as well. A must-read for anyone working in business where outsourcing and international marketing and distribution are important.
3599 Stiff sides, handles, collapses, nice nautical sea-green stripes. Works everywhere for anything. Love it. I use these for carrying sheet music books around. Sometimes I want to play guitar in the kitchen (the light is good) or in the bathroom (the acoustics, forgive me, O Segovia.) Or in the living room. I grab this tote full of music books, stuff in my stand and sundries (mat, support, tuner) and the guitar and I'm good to go. Or take the bin in the car for guitar meets. Very very useful
3600 This is one of my favorite Pearl Buck novels, perhaps her best after "The Good Earth." She creates a very memorable set of characters--Madame Wu, beautiful, elegant, controlled and philosophical. She runs her huge, multi-generational wealthy household like a benevolent but wise queen. Nothing touches her innermost soul, however, and her delicate pleasant demeanor hides a woman who doesn't feel love. That is, until she meets Brother Andre, a defrocked priest who lives in exile in China and runs an orphanage. He comes to teach her son English, but it's Madame Wu who learns much more. When a shocking event destroys her quiet, almost cloistered life, she rises to meet it in the most astonishing way. Brother Andre has changed her from a glossy, polished jade stone to a living, beating heart, the heart of a woman who learns about the aspects of love, even if a bit late.
3601 I've used this software from the time it started out as Fractal Designs and the appealing Sketcher program in a cigar box package(charcoal, grey scale only.) Then it became Metacreations and came out with Painter in a cutesy paintcan. They really have progressed from their first versions of software designed to imitate all sorts of artists' media like oil, pastel and airbrush.  Metacreations has been purchased by Corel and this seems to be a good match. And Version 6.0 is just terrific.  (And there is a free downloadable 6.1 patch fyi. Visit the Corel website.) I thought I really shouldn't spend the additional bucks to upgrade my Painter 5.5 because I already liked it well enough. But I was incredible pleased with the upgrade. Small changes, like a better brush control interface and even a tinier change like putting "paste" and "paste into new image" as separate menu items instead of pulldown from a single "paste" are welcome improvements. But the new features such as Impasto art materials are stunning. New effects let you can paint with neon, acid etch, and do wood cuts. In my first session experimenting with the new upgrade, I was able to create a virtual brass plate from impasto and etch it with acid to create a bullet-ridden metal effect. Very fun. Bugs in Version 5.5 have been repaired as well. I give this version a huge thumbs-up and if you have the previous version, I do recommend you go for the 6.0 upgrade. It's really stupendous.
3602 This is a really fun book on making felt--which is a shrunken woven or non-woven fabric.  Felt Frenzy contains a number of techniques to make felt; not only knitting and shrinking, but also recycling, needlepunch felt and raw fiber felting.  Some of the projects are handbags from recycled felt. If you find an attractive Fair Isle or patterned sweater at the Goodwill, you can felt it, and cut it up and add handles. Now you have a stylish knitting bag or even a purse.  Footies and socks can be made from felt--felt slippers are standard "save the floor wear" in many places.  By far, my favorite "I haven't seen THIS before" project is a pincushion of rolled wool that gives the effect of sushi rolls. How CUTE is that?!! A crafter could knock off these and give friends an adorable housegift.  This book has 26 projects with not only bags, but also flowers (felt makes good ornaments for other knitting and for bags,) pincushions (as I mentioned) and more. There are ideas other than the projects for the beginning felt maker. A really PRETTY book--very nicely done. I'd love to make a number of these attractive projects.
3603 I don't think there is an American consumer (you, me) alive that hasn't had some kind of unsatisfactory experience with a seller of a service or some kind of product. Whether it's your confirmed reservation that is denied at a full-up holiday hotel, or a bumper falling off your SUV after taking it away, brand-new, from a dealer, you are probably right now conjuring up a nightmare vision of some bad encounter.  Authors Tom and Lynn Wilson show you effective letters and campaigns to get what you believe you deserve, upgrades to airline tickets after a horrible trip, right down to convincing the United Way that excluding the Boy Scouts will result in skimpier charitable contributions in future, and no, stupid, it ISN'T the economy.  If you are stumped about how to get what you want, the examples in this book will provide the yeast to get you fermenting your campaign. I certainly know how to write letters of complaint but this book has information and suggestions that were far beyond my knowledge. I think this is an essential reference book in a time when customer service is increasingly remote and impersonal. You'd think that in an economic time where each seller is fighting for every consumer dollar, you'd see heightened customer service, but in fact, I've observed it's been declining instead. This can help. Read it.
3604 I thought "Oh, ho-hum, another sock book about stripey yarn" but...no, this book REALLY has a lot to offer the sock knitter as well as yarn dyer or spinner.  The book discusses handpainted or varigated yarns and the problem of "pooling" or when blotches of color show up rather than stripes. The patterns are coded by whether the pattern is suited for wild multi-colors, muted multi color, or almost solid. So when you look at a particular model, there is a symbol to tell you what yarn might work the best. Some patterns, by using short and long stitches to break up the pool of color or to camouflage the effect.  Many of the patterns are textured. There are braids, zig-zags, and other patterns. Some are color patterns--like a flame orwaves of color accented by embroidery. The flame is great--looks like a custom Harley paint job (gray and flame-orange, with flames rising up the cuffs.)  I have a stash of all kinds of shaded yarns and I can't wait to try a number of the patterns. These are sufficiently different that I could confidently recommend this book to any sock knitter, even one with a huge library. If you have a stubborn "pooling" yarn or just a stash of shaded sock yarns, you are sure to find a wonderful pattern here.
3605 Jan Hart has written articles for Daniel Smith Paints, most on her "amazing mixes"--unusual blends of watercolor that give luminous results in mainly landscapes. If you enjoyed seeing her articles and work (which really glows with subtle and startling color) then this book has a lot more of her way of mixing paints.  Though landscape and botanicals seem to be her major love, the book also has animals, buildings, seascapes, skies and other subjects. She shows them in variations. There is no attempt to reproduce reality exactly--instead, Hart shows how to mix colors to get a result that dazzles the eye like fluttering leaves and bluish shadows on a bright, sunlit day.  There is a section at the end on Daniel Smith Primatek colors. These are natural pigments made of ground stones and earths. They are sometimes less colorful and bright than synthetic paints, but Hart shows how to use their unusual granulating properties along with more traditional watercolor pigments to gain some eyecatching mixes.  This book is a good tutorial for those who want to break away from the standard three to eight color palette and try for something different.
3606 This instant-read thermometer is a versatile kitchen tool that no one should be without.  It comes with a sheath to protect the thermometer. The tip of the thermometer is a kind of ceramic thermister, encased in the metal. It takes about 10 seconds to register a temperature and this type of thermometer is not designed to stay in the food for long, unlike the older style meat thermometers that baked with the roast. So the tip of this thermometer is the "business" end and you want to protect it from major damage. The sheath has printing on it to tell the average range of temperatures for cooking meats like poultry, pork and beef.  The thermometer can also be used for frothing milk to 160 degrees--clip it to the inside of the pitcher as you steam the milk and stop at the right temperature. It can also be used in bread baking. Some cooks test the temperature of the nearly-baked loaf and you can use it to test the temperature of the baking liquids to avoid killing your yeast.  To measure the temperature, place the tip into the thickest part of the food, and wait for the temperature to stay put and register. Don't put the thermometer near or on a bone if you can avoid it--bones hold heat.  Joanna Daneman  ________  In memory of my dad Hank, 1923-2006, who was a metrologist and expert in the field thermometer calibration and manufacture.
3607 I am not a fan of fantasy; I prefer sci-fi, no magicians, wizards or dragons need apply. Yet I like some authors who cross over into fantasy from sci-fi like Ursula LeGuin, Anne McCaffrey and Sherri Tepper. Carolyn Kephart's "Wysard" starts out a bit like "Harry Potter." Ryel is highly gifted with magical ability, has a scar from a lightning bolt, leaves home and goes off to study with Master Edris. Here's where the similarity ends. "Wysard" is for teens and adults, not for kids. There's none of the whimsical Potter humor here. "Wysard" is PURE fantasy. The strained relationship with Ryel with his mentor Edris, Ryel's subsequent quest and conflict in his role in the magical city-state of Markul are compelling. The struggles are heroic. There is a lot of action and good character development. My only criticism is that the scenes move back and forth between the mature Ryel and the youth Ryel and sometimes the transition is not smooth, so you have to pay attention. I was surprised how much I enjoyed this novel. If you are a fan of fantasy like the Earthsea books of LeGuin, you will definitely enjoy "Wysard."
3608 Good cable for what I needed. However, UBS doesn't drive every microphone, so direct to PC wasn't possible. Not the cable's issue and it fit the sockets with good tolerances, nothing out of kilter here.
3609 This remote caddy has a turntable underneath, a large middle compartment (holds a small magazine, a few more remotes or a book of instructions?) and has two compartments on either side of the long middle compartment.  It fits on the side table but it's a bit larger than I imagined from the photo. It measures 8" long by 8" high at the middle by 6" wide. The material is "leatherette" plastic with stitching detail.  I don't have one universal remote as much as I'd like one. Until then, I think I have too many of these devices and the Organizer is just what I needed.  These organizers come in some different colors, so I'm considering one for another room. Really a very good design and so useful.
3610 This is a film that ended up being shown on airplane flights and rented out in video stores. Sad, because though it might not have been noticed in cinemas, Grey Owl is a well-made, well-told interesting story that is acted to perfection by Pierce Brosnan. This is one of those smaller films that really stays with you. Grey Owl is based on an real-life story of a native guide in the Canadian wilderness. An early conservationist, he struggled to get the public's attention to the loss of many of Canada's wild animals such as the beaver. But Grey Owl had a secret that, when discovered, threatens to derail his crusade to save the native Canadians and the wilderness. This movie is about all that and much more. Grey Owl is fascinating, complex person, and Brosnan's acting brings him to life incredibly well.  Don't miss it.
3611 This book is the perfect combination of elegant entertaining ideas and "how-to's". I just love the themed menus--there is everything from a formal tea, a holiday (Hannukah) buffet, a Mediterranean Easter feast to a romantic dinner for just two. If you don't want to reproduce the exact menu, you still get some great ideas as starting material for any kind of party you might want to give. The recipes are not overly elaborate. In fact, they are pretty easy yet well-chosen. I particularly like the salads. I also found this book useful for progressive dinner ideas. Even better is the back section on "how-to." I absolutely LOVE the section on folding napkins, carving roasts, and proper table setting, all in one place. This is now on the shelf as my chief entertaining reference book. Can't recommend it highly enough, especially at the price.
3612 I've been wearing this brand for years as many of the other brands keep making cheaper and cheaper fabric. It starts to feel like paper, scratchy paper. Well, sadly, the fabric on these bras is also not the way it was in past. It's thinner and stiffer and somewhat scratchy. I have sensitive skin and that is always a problem with something worn as closely as a bra. However, the minimizing effect and smoothing is excellent.  The star is off because the thinness of the fabric also does not hide the headlights, if you know what I mean. I was wearing a thick turtleneck in the cold and well, now I have to make sure that some cotton pads are in place unless I want high beams at the worst times.
3613 I'm going to confess I could hardly get through what promised to be an interesting novel set in Imperial China. The fault perhaps lies with the reviewer here, but this kind of book is not to my tastes UNLESS the author is utterly superb. So for this tale of lost love set in an exotic setting, the intricate, literary style is reminiscent of Nabokov. I didn't care for the protagonist Samuel Pickens, so, the sexual content was not "sexy" to me as he was unpleasant. He was intended to be a flawed character, but the mix of sexual content with plays on words, while being about an unlikable man didn't work for me.
3614 This is a game that encourages silliness. So it has two uses I can think of. One--entertaining bored kids or a group of adults and kids. So it's perfect for a rainy afternoon, a camping trip or after a large holiday feast and everyone is lying around, bored and wondering what to do.  And it's obviously the ultimate in drinking games. I do not like to get drunk, myself (gives me a headache, then I just get sleepy.) But if you have friends who come over for beers and giggles, you can pull this out and as you get deeper into your cups, it gets funnier and funnier to attempt to identify silly expressions of selfies on your cell phone (or just your face in a frame you hold up, for those of you whose batteries have died or who are living off the grid.)  I guess the next edition to come out will be the Silly Walks (using your cell phone video or a GoPro.)
3615 There seems to be a corollary of Murphy's Law: You will have "x-1" of the cables you need to install any new piece of audio-video equipment. So if you are installing a sound bar or a new DVD player or a new TV or Roku box, you will NOT have the HDMI cable nor the optical audio cable you need to complete the task. This connected a soundbar to a TV and it is a sturdy cable--the ends are heavy to protect the thin and fragile optical glass strand that carries the light signal making the audio connection between television and sound bar.
3616 Herbie Nichols had, by all accounts, a tragic life. Not only was he overlooked and misunderstood, he was reduced to playing gigs in the most modest of venues. He died at 44 from leukemia, as if being misunderstood, underutilized and ahead of his time wasn't enough. As Bleeding Gums Murphy of the Simpsons says "I had enough pain in my life." Thank heavens that jazz artists like the septet Herbie Nichols Project have seen fit to re-record Nichols' marvelous jazz. Listen to "Strange City" and though you will hear definite 50's be-bop, beatnik styling in the composition, it is way beyond be-bop and well into the modern jazz of today. If you love jazz, you will love this CD.
3617 This money clip is about 2 inches by 1 inch in dimension, has a teflon coated clip to (ostensibly) hold your bills but it's a lot more. In fact, mine is sitting in a little case that used to hold a pen set and along with some knitting needles and assorted knitting tools, handles my yarn cutting jobs plus addition little jobs. But as a money clip, it's fantastic, though I would not guarantee it could go on a plane, due to a tiny, 5 mm blade, a little triangle that is part of the suite.  The kit includes: Brilliant Red Mini Flashlight (a small red LED you push a button to light) Reversible Ballpoint Pen (you reverse it in its slot to use the clip as a wider grip to hold the tiny ball point. I don't know what you do to find refills, contact Tool Logic, I suppose.) Precision Screwdrivers Flat and Phillips Screwdriver Socket (fits in a hex socket, using clip to hold the small shaft.) Reversible Blade (either extrudes like a tiny boxcutter or can be reversed and locked into place to make a bigger boxcutter.) Lanyard Hole Stainless Steel Teflon Coated Moneyclip  It's cute and it's compact and it is really handy. As a knitter, I mainly use the cutter and the pen to mark up patterns. This makes a terrific man's gift. No guy can resist it.
3618 The author gives good instruction on how to add figures to watercolor, using her own work as examples. The instructions go from basic palettes to value sketches and show demonstrations.  The author's style is quick and loose. This will seem less intimidating to beginners, who could be easily frustrated when they can't achieve some of the luminous and detailed results of a master.  The author's palette has great suggestions, such as transparent red oxide and yellow oxide, which are transparent versions of palette standards like Venetian Red and Yellow Ochre. But she does recommend alizarin crimson, which today is easily replaced by quinacridone rose or violet and which is less likely to fade. A quibble, but I feel alizarin crimson is better replaced by the quinacridone pigments these days. She shows mixing variation with red-yellow-blue, using manganese blue, but you should be aware this will be manganese hue.  The most valuable part of the book for beginners might be how to do value sketches, using black and white photos or rendering in digital software to see the darks and lights. She shows how dark shadows behind figures can be manipulated to add life and light to the painting--washing in a mix of brighter colors that still have the same value as the deep shadow, but are livelier and more pleasing to the eye.  The best paintings are the ones of Hart's father and his peach orchard. The peaches glow and the shadows on the face and under boxes and barrows are interesting. Her style is not tight and photographic, but it gets the message across beautifully. Any beginner who wants to try portraits and figures can benefit from this book.
3619 This glass container fits flat on the side of a counter and holds my dog's Milk Bones. The lid doesn't fit tight on penny-candy jars--the metal lid basically hangs from the glass lip of the opening. No gasket, no seal, no screw-top. Quick to open and grab a biscuit for the doggy's reward. It also works well for cotton balls in the bathroom. I have another filled with samples in the guest bath--so guests can reach in and find something they need that they may not have brought for personal care (new razors, samples of shampoo and conditioner, moisturizer, etc.)  If you need something that closes tight, this isn't what you want. Cookies can go stale. There is a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lock-Lock-Storage-21-1-Cup-Storage-Bin/dp/B002BL23AQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lock & Lock Storage, 21.1-Cup Storage Bin</a>&nbsp;which holds a lot, seals up tight and is good for dog food, flour or other perishables you would want to keep airtight. This is more of a quick-access, attractive glass container without a seal.
3620 Wind in the Willows is a longtime favorite of many people (and I just re-read it as an adult.) The story centers around the animal citizens of an English riverbank. Each animal has a different personality, from easy-going Mole to the wise and wiley Badger, the spoiling-for-a-fight Weasels and of course boastful Toad, the owner of splendid Toad Hall who has too much money and too little sense to know what to do with it. The education of Toad by his well-meaning friends is a good lesson. The battle for Toad Hall near the end of the book is also exciting.  The content is entirely suitable for kids. The prose is a pleasure to read out loud and creates such pictures in one's imagination. And it's funny, too (the scene where Toad is nearly struck down by a car, which he has never seen before, and decides he MUST have one is absolutely hysterical.)  If you are starting a reading-out-loud program at home, this should be at the top of your list. I'd also add Swiss Family Robinson to that list. I have wonderful memories of my teachers and parents reading these books to me. Why not give your kids the same lasting delight in good literature, reading and family fun.  Note: suitable for grades 4-8 and the writing is somewhat complex, so some 4th graders will find it a rough go.
3621 This classic tale of the rise of a family of Chinese peasants is written in a deceptively simple style, to catch the unsophisticated, earthy nature of the characters; Wang Lung the farmer, O-lan, his silent wife, former slave of slaves yet the core and center of the family's fortunes. The marriage of Wang Lung to O-Lan changes the family fortunes and they begin to enjoy more than subsistence. O-lan works, takes care of the household, produces sons and has depths Wang Lung doesn't suspect.  But fortune also brings more desire, and with more desire brings unhappiness. After a disastrous drought, the family recovers from a sojourn in the south of China but Wang Lung strays from the earthy and simple peasant life. Their fortunes increase, but his happiness is never the same as it was in his early days. O-Lan becomes a tragic figure but struggles to maintain that strength and self-determination that make her an unforgettable character.  Many people believe it was this book that was the reason Pearl Buck was awared the Nobel Prize. It is a classic and ageless. I never tire of re-reading it.
3622 Good quality cable for my microphone. Gold connections for quieter and static-free operation. about five feet long, just what I needed
3623 This bowl is larger than I expected--about the size of a rice bowl. I made tea with the chasen (whisk) and measured out the matcha with the bamboo scoop. After heating water to about 184 deg F, I mixed a few scoops of tea in the bottom of the "chawan" (bowl) and whisked up a bitter and frothy cup of matcha. It worked well. The bowl is surprisingly pretty, for the price.
3624 Waris Dirie is from Somalia, home of some of the most beautiful women in the world, many of whom become supermodels like the famous Iman and Dirie herself. This book is a story of her desert semi-nomad life, the story of the horrifying practice of Pharonic circumcision of women that she suffered, and Dirie's escape from several oppressive situations ultimately to a better life. The practice of female circumcision or FGM (female genital multilation) is not well-understood by Europeans and Americans. The practice, though not ordained by the Koran, is common in parts of Islamic Africa. It may have had tribal origins before some of the lands became Islamic. Dirie gives a blunt description of the primitive practice that leads to the death of many girls and to constant pain and suffering for those who survive it. In addition to the story of FGM, Dirie also tells how she escaped her engagment to a man she didn't know, how she got to London to live with relatives, only to escape virtual enslavement and ended up working at a MacDonalds. From there, fame and success. This book is written well, in a plain but well-told style. In addition to enlightening people about FGM, it tells a story of great courage.
3625 Garbanzo flour is known as "Besan" in Indian cooking and it's simply the ground flour of chickpeas, so it's a bean flour, not a grain. it is slightly yellow in color and has a somewhat nutty and sweet taste. Due to the high protein, a batter of chickpea flour and water can behave rather like an egg batter when you use it to dip foods for frying. In addition, it's used in a number of Indian sweets that are somewhat like fudge or nougat.  If you want a really great recipe for zucchini pakoras, or fritters, it's so simple, you'll want to make these frequently. You can also use large white mushroom slices, Vidalia onion rings, even thinly sliced potato or sweet potato. Slices of cauliflower, carrot and whole trimmed green beans work, too. Here's the recipe:  1 cup Chickpea Flour 1/2 cup water 1 tsp Garam Masala (Indian spice mix) 2 tsp each, grated gingerroot and mashed garlic 1/2 tsp ground chili pepper  Mix this up until it's nice and smooth. This is your batter.  Thinly slice (1/4 inch) zucchini, or mushrooms, onions (make into rings), potatoes or use a mix of these vegetables. Dip each piece into the batter and coat well. Fry in a cast iron skillet with a shallow layer of vegetable oil (you don't need more than a 1/4 to a 1/2 inch of oil.) When the fritters are caramel-brown on one side, flip and cook the other side. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle lightly with coarse sea salt, if you like. I use tongs to flip the vegetables. These are fantastic as appetizers or a quick snack.
3626 These high quality dishes are larger than the usual casual dinnerware. The mug  is 15% bigger than my Pfaltzgraff everyday set. The bowl is wide and flat, not as bid as a pasta bowl, but not a deep cereal bowl, either. Call it a soup bowl. The dinner plate is large, too. 10 1/2 inch diameter. Normal salad plate 7 1/2".  The set come in three shades-- grey, sand beige and seafoam blue that would look good mixed. The colors remind me of mid Century Russell Wright, so do the shapes of the serveware. If you have a mid Century modern vibe in your decor, these would absolutely work well.  This dinnerware is made in Portugal, and it has that smooth, silky Portuguese porcelain feel. The outside of bowl and mug is white, the grey looks hand glazed in a grey underglaze in a circular brushed application. A shiny glaze over all. The handle of the mug is squared and modern-looking, not just a flat strap of ceramic.  Understated set, yet showing quality above big box store less expensive sets. Mikasa seems to go that extra step to make something a bit special--I've had a Mikasa crystal candy bowl in my outer office area for years and it's very elegant. So is this place setting, even though it's meant to be casual. Not inexpensive, but good things never are.
3627 The prison diaries of Jeffrey Archer give you some insight into his fiction (The Clifton Chronicles in particular.) The diaries run from his imprisonment, which takes quite a dramatic course (he was not assigned to a less-secure facility at one point and put in doing "hard time.") His description of life behind bars in Britain is fascinating, not something you read every day.  I have to say, the story of HOW he p'o'ed someone high in government and got himself in real trouble seems incomplete--if you read between the lines, it's possible his story is rather, uh shall we say, one-sided. But it's certain he REALLY  made someone very, very angry and he got punished, whether or not he actually did something wrong. The slant is, the punishment is personal. Maybe it is.  The book is more valuable for the grittiness of being caught in the system, less so for really understanding exactly where Archer went wrong. But I couldn't put any of the diaries down, and I recommend them HIGHLY for anyone who reads Archer's novels.
3628 I'm guilty of coming home and wanting to open a bottle of wine--but not wait for it to aerate. I know full well that the flavor of wine, especially tanninc reds, is improved by letting it equilibrate with the air, and white wines such as white burgundy and Alsatian wine benefit, too.  This aerator works best if you pour it out through the funnel-like device into a decanter. It is much better than the single-stage spout style aerators, which do an ok job, but not suitable for really great wine that you may be in a hurry to drink.  Pro: does a very good job Con: need a decanter.    Item received in exchange for evaluation and review.
3629 Gluten-free is kind of a new thing (unless you are celiac, in which case you've been avoiding gluten for as long as you've known you were sensitive.) But many people find they feel better with less wheat gluten in their diet. And there are naturally gluten-free pastas that are used in many cuisines such as Japanese, Thai, Korean and others. And there are alternative flours that add interesting changes to plain old noodles.  The recipes include ways to make dough with rice, buckwheat, spelt and chestnut flours, corn flour and more. Then the recipes include traditional ways to use such noodles as soba (Japanese buckwheat noodles), rice stick. There are also instructions to shape pastas like orecchiette, ravioli, lasagna, farfalle.  I was hoping for more spelt noodle recipes and there are some very good ones here, including spelt and artichoke. While spelt is NOT gluten free (the gluten is a cousin of wheat gluten, though said to be more disgestible) it is a very good noodle flour. Where I lived in Germany for a while, spelt was a traditional flour for noodles and you could buy big bags of refined spelt (white flour) that made the most delicious broad noodles with a simple pasta machine.  Summary: Even if you are not gluten-free, there are some interesting pastas and dough recipes as well as pasta dishes that are worth a look, like thai noodle salad with papaya and Japanese soba as well as corn farfalle and other interesting combinations
3630 Rowling is a master storyteller, and she has created a new classic series that will be on juvenile bookshelves along with the Wizard of Oz and Through the Looking Glass.  I was impressed with the levels of humor (adults can read this and have a good chuckle.) The sheer imagination and wealth of language makes these books very appealing. What's even more impressive is that they apparently translate well into other languages. My German friends are very enthusiastic about Harry Potter "auf Deutsch" and that is a testament to the superb storytelling ability of the author.  There is some gross stuff in this volume: the "Deathday Party" for Nearly Headless Nick is none too savory (Nick is a ghost who had a botched beheading and now is socially an embarrasing rung below the well-guillotined.) The refreshments at the party are pretty disgusting. Of course, that appeals to kids, who love the sensational and thrilling, and yes, the gross.  I'm going to gloss over the controversy over whether these books glorify Paganism and witchcraft. Any fairytale in the last two centuries has a lot of this kind of thing, so if you are going to read a fairytale, that's the kind of stuff that's in there.  As a study for how to write a classic fantasy tale, you can't get a better example than Rowling's works. I'd put her up there with Tolkein for creating a fantasy world.
3631 Our neighbors are flying flags more often--most of us have copied each other and have a flag pole on the house and now we're all getting into bunting. These fan buntings are a bit wrinkled when they come out of the package, but a quick steaming and low heat iron fixed them up (I think a humid day would do the same, eventually.) They hang nicely on the white vinyl deck railing. It was a bit more trouble to hang them (using eyelet bolts) on the garage door moldings. I really could have used three of them, one for the porch, but two will do nicely.  There are slightly cheaper ones, but these fans are made in the US. A long time ago, a friend had a USA flag button on his ball cap. We were slightly chagrined to see the "MADE IN CHINA" mark on it. Seems a bit contradictory, to have a patriotic item made overseas, but what isn't these days? Well, Valley Forge flags aren't.  These are mini fans (3 foot by 1 1/2 foot.) For a big deck or house, you'll want something larger.
3632 I had to search high and low for Zizzo's edition of the rarer preludes. Here, you have all of the Gershwin keyboard works, including the short preludes I, II and III, as well as those rare preludes "Novelette in Fourths" and "Sleepless Nights." The "I've Got Rhythm" variations are virtuoso--so beware, this book ranges from the playable to the shockingly difficult. But I can't tell you what a pleasure it is to have it all in one book finally. Thank you, Ms. Zizzo. Even if I can't play all of these, it's "S'wonderful" to be able to read the scores.
3633 Let's face it, exercise can be boring (especially alone.) If you are planning to exercise with only the company of your video player and closed curtains, it might as well be fun. Neena and Veena are identical twin dancers, which makes for a visual experience that is unparalleled in exercise videos. The sets are appropriate but not distracting and the twins wear leotards plus a hip-isolating scarf that accentuates the important hip movements. The voice-over is clear and easy to hear, the music is Middle-Eastern style but soft enough not to detract from the instructor. There are four videos in the set: the Fat Burning routine mainly uses the legs and is kind of low-impact aerobic. Basic Moves teaches body isolations which is the most important building block of belly dance itself. This video is useful for learning the basics of belly dance itself. Arms and Abs focuses on the arm isolations (snakes, undulating arms, hands) that are essential to dance but also work the upper body and stomach, when you drop to the floor and do mat work (have an exercise mat handy.)  Hips, Buns, and Thighs: uses leg lifts and lunges, hip circles and hip drops. Arms are added to make it more dance-like. If you want a dance routine to watch, stay til the end of the vidoe for your reward (there is a solo.) If you want a basic dance routine to do yourself, Neena and Veena have produced a separate video called The Sensual Art of Belly Dance: Basic Dance. It has step-by-step instructions for body isolations leading to a short routine. It makes a great overall warm-up and mild workout and is also a good introduction to belly dance.
3634 My cat is a big ol' tom cat, and he eats 3 oz of cat food, twice a day. That's what the cat food cans hold. However, it's a lot and many cats need less--half a can. If that's your cat, this package of food is divided in two parts by a breakaway capsule, and you can serve your cat one of these (broken in two) a day.  The food is grain free. Cats need very little carbohydrate. Grains are not what they eat, unless it's by accident when they gobble down a mouse stuffed with some grains it has eaten. So grain-free is good for your cat's liver.  This is convenient for the smaller eaters. My cat wants both sides, of course. And he wants it at four a.m. Which is when he gets started singing for breakfast.
3635 This book is a welcome addition to the original Eat Right For Your Type (ER4YT.) I am so used to ER4YT method, where you select foods based on your blood type) that it is almost second nature to me. Now Dr. D'Adamo adds more information about life style, degenerative diseases, more info on minor blood types and secretor versus non-secretor to fine-tune the ER4YT way of eating.  This theory has a lot of proponents in Japan (where they have a similar theory that tries to predict actual behavior from blood type.) I don't think blood type is a solid indicator of behavior, but I definitely feel much, much better if I follow these guidelines. And maybe I will avoid some health problems down the road. It isn't hard to avoid the foods and select from the list of beneficial or neutral foods. Beneficial foods are ones that actively will help your health; neutral foods are ok to eat, but have no special benefits. You can even indulge in the occasional "avoid" food once in a while if you are healthy. If you are ill, however, you can maximize your recovery by sticking to the beneficial and neutral foods. This is not a difficult way of life and this book has done me more good than any other diet or health book I ever read.
3636 This is a great knitting reference because it has most techniques, from circular knitting on double point or circular needles, to fair isle color, to mosaic knitting (colorwork on garter stitch--very pretty textural color.) There is attention to measurements, style, how to do your own garments. The pictures are large and lavish--Vogue has great photographers and artists contributing to this book. It's attractive, and encylopedic. If you are new to knitting or want to advance your skill, this is really a great reference book.
3637 We have an apricot tree at my parents' house and my dad used to love to make frozen apricots. The problem with drying them however, is that they stick to the dehydrator as the sugars concentrate in the fruit.  If you do dried fruits (we do apples, pears and peaches) you know that they stick to the normal trays. Berries fall through. If you are into dehydrating your produce, these tray inserts come out so you can scrape off the dried product and wash them easily. I wish these and the jerky-fruit-leather sheets came with the dehydrator but they don't. If you grow vegetables and fruits, this is very useful for processing your crop.
3638 If you draw or write with colored fountain pen inks, this is an unusual and pretty color. It's truly "plum"--that is, a violet or purple tending to the reddish side. It is moderately saturated, shows up on white paper, and has some shading. I tested it using a 1.5mm stub nib on a Monteverde fountain pen.  The bottle is the usual Private Reserve plain jar. I rinse these bottles to prevent stains and eventually the label rinsed off the side. However, you can label the lid or the jar with a Brother tape labeler, which is what I resorted to.  You probably can't use this color for business writing, but it's a fun color for letters and for drawing and journaling.  This ink dries quickly. It leaves a stain behind on porous paper (I used a thick envelope) and it even leaves a slight stain on smooth notepaper. But it's not waterproof and will wash off almost, but not entirely. Generally, the dye used in magenta and violet colors tends to fade. I have not done a light test over weeks. I assume this ink will fade in direct sunlight.
3639 This novel is very poignant; set in post-Revolution Russia, a young girl on the point of going to University finds herself living in a world she cannot accept. Kira is depicted very well as a very young, emotional and sometimes impulsive woman who loves the wrong guy for the wrong reasons, sacrifices everything for him and learns that a life not lived as one wishes is not worth living. The tragic character of the Communist official Andrei is incredibly well-done. This book is a bit raw in places, showing the deep feelings that Rand must have experienced as she re-lives the world she left behind along with a family she never saw again. It is not as well-crafted a novel as The Fountainhead or Atlas Shrugged, but it is the most deeply emotional thing Rand ever wrote and well worth reading.
3640 My previous set of these versatile bowls was lost in our move. Heartbroken, I quickly replaced them as these bowls are without a doubt the most useful containers in the kitchen. The rigid plastic looks attractive on the table and works well for mixing or tossing. Not only do they serve as salad servers (say for turkey, fruit or pasta salad as well as fresh green salad) but they store food and get dressed up to go to parties. If you go to potluck dinners or do a lot of picnics or barbecues, these will be your very best friends.  If you have to give a wedding or housewarming present, these are sure to earn you a heartfelt thank-you note in return.
3641 I like owls--and these measuring cups are worthy of sitting out on a stand rather than hiding in the utensil drawer. They are scoops--the backside of the owl is the hollowed-out area to scoop sugar, flour or whatever you wish. The colors are multi-shaded so will fit most colors of kitchens except the ultra-sleek, black granite and stainless steel with industrial flooring style.  Downside is you have to wash by hand but I do that even with my regular cups because greasy stuff needs to be well-washed with detergent and a lot of rubbing.  If you have a friend who is an owl collector (and I understand there are many people who do love owl trinkets) this would make the best kind of hostess gift, birthday gift, Christmas or even just a little "thinking of you" present.  Adorable.
3642 Some few years ago, I'd use Thai Kitchen sauces and pastes and they tasted pretty good. It's a bit hard here to get lemongrass and other Thai ingredients other than fish sauce. We like Thai food--having traveled extensively in that country and sampled cuisine from north to south.  Lately, the pastes and sauces have become absolutely bland, flavorless and nasty. The green curry is no exception. You can pile in the entire contents of this little jar and it will add absolutely no more flavor to a green curry in coconut milk than if you took all the stale lettuce from your vegetable crisper, pureed it into a green mush in your food processor and tried to use it as a curry paste. The result would be about the same.  The saddest part of all this is that these products have taken a premier spot on many grocery store shelves and there is no competing brand. I love curry, and even "good" cooks will use curry pastes for convenience. (For example, there are Indian curry pastes by Patak that are relatively good, though of course not to the level that a superb cook can create. But they are acceptable.)  These are NOT acceptable. If you try to make a green curry out of this, you are wasting time and money.
3643 If you like those loose teas with herbal elements such as flower petals and buds, this is handy. It lets you put enough of bulky herbal teas in an infuser and then dispense the steeped tea into your mug without the leaves.  It's also clear, so you can see if your tea is at the proper brew.
3644 This book has excellent explanations of both water bath canning and pressure canning. It goes over Botulinum clostridium, the bacteria that causes botulism poisoning (and also provides the botox for face-freezing wrinkle treatments.) It's important to understand about acid environments, that some bacteria produce toxins and grow without oxygen, and can cause fatalities even with a small serving. After you read this, you'll be able to realize what foods can be water bath packed (acid foods, high sugar fruits) and what foods need pressure canning (soups, vegetables, low acid fruits, etc.)  Some recipes are high in sugar because the sugar acts as a preservative. So some fruits have sugar syrup and jams have sugar to let the gelling process happen with pectin. (The ratio of sugar to pectin is important.) There are some great recipes like honey-pear jelly (finally a use for a lot of pears.) But I got this more as a reference for canning rather than for the recipes. It is truly for beginners to understand about canning.
3645 Though somewhat dated in feel and redolent of the Seventies, "Book of Skulls" is an excellent novel by Silverberg. Three college boys, who have been deep in the stacks of the rare books at the university, set out to find a mysterious sect of monks who may have the secret of eternal life. They are dimly aware that three of them go in, but only one will remain.  They find the brothers and take up the discipline of the order. This is the Seventies, so sex is involved. Maybe even drugs. The brothers do tantric yoga and other yoga. They eat a vegetarian diet of eggs, hot red pepper pastes, vegetables and dark bread that has been "cleansed" to become suitable food.  They bathe in deep slate pools in the monastery and adopt the ways of the order.  Once you join, you belong to the brothers and cannot leave without deadly consequence. Which one will die of murder and which one by his own hand? It's very logical, but you won't guess it until near the end. There are plenty of nasty shocks and revelations about growing up and the traumas and unsavory incidents that make up coming of age.  Not my favorite Silverberg novel, but high on my list.
3646 Good-sized thick white washcloths. Great for washing your face, taking off makeup or washing all over. I like that you can bleach these for extra cleaning, washing in hot water. So far, the stitching on the edges has remained solid. They are very good quality for the price and decently thick and absorbent.
3647 There is everything here from some of the famous Saturday Evening Post covers to a some presidential portraits (Kennedy, Reagan.) If you are sending postcards and want something a little unusual but very American, these are very nicely printed and are fun to give. They come in a book, so you can leave it as a book rather than pull out the pages/cards if you wish.
3648 This book has been around a while, and for a good reason. It's one of the best books for learning polymer clay techniques like millefiori and bead making. Even complex techniques are well explained here. The gallery of pictures is inspiring. If you have to get one book, this is definitely one that will start you off right and be worth keeping. Warning: this is a very FUN craft and can be quite addictive. Fortunately, there are lots of uses for polymer clay, like beads, buttons, hair clips, decorated boxes and much more.
3649 Stainless, not aluminum, so will not corrode or chip.  Easy to clean out and you can put in the dishwasher. Heavy piston mashes garlic efficiently. The little cleaner is a tad loose in its slot and it's short, so you can lose it down the sink. If you find that's happening to you, take it out and pop into the utensil drawer to use after you crush garlic. It helps to clean the holes right after using because the sugars in garlic tend to get sticky and clog up. So when I crush my garlic, I immediately rinse it out and put in the cleaning tool to get the remnants of garlic out before they dry into a difficult mess.  One star off because the press only holds one clove (good sized) or two tiny cloves. And the cleaning tool tends to pop out of its hold and it's easy to lose: the Zyliss press I own has a long tool with a brush at one end that stays put a lot better. And it holds more garlic.  But it's aluminum and the coating eventually chips off where this Farberware stainless will stay shiny and undamaged for a lot longer.
3650 This may look silvery in the picture, but it's a sort of hematite, darkened shiny nickel color. I actually like that as my kitchen hardware is black.  Note that the bar may not fit over your drawer hardware or even your cupboard hardware. The cupboards are usually not center-mounted, so this should fit, but it did not fit over my drawers. I hung it over the cupboard below a drawer and it fit just fine.  It's not very heavy and it simply sits on the cupboard door edge. The bar is rounded but flat--kind of an oval in cross section. Towels can hang easily from it. This is a simple solution to have a towel bar in a kitchen where wall space is limited.
3651 Elizabeth Upitis has included many models of Latvian mittens from the various regions of the Baltic state.  Mittens play an important part in courtship and marriage rituals in Latvian culture. The patterns are rich and decorative, with edgings of fringe or scallops and small patterns reminiscent of Fair Isle knitting. Even though you probably won't want to make as many mittens as a Latvian bride should need for her dowry, you will be inspired by the variety. The patterns, colorways and edgings are quite useful for adapting to other knitting designs like sweaters, hats and vests. All my grandparents came from Latvia, and I wish they'd been able to bring some of these wonderful folk handworks with them when they came to America. I would have loved to have seen some from the old country. The author has done a great job in documenting the patterns and the lore behind them.
3652 For years, due to copywrite issues, "The Children's Corner" suite was only available in a French edition. Now it's here, in an affordale Dover edition, along with some rarer piano solos. "Children's Corner" ranges from playable ("Dr. Gradus ad Parnassum" and "The Little Shepherd" and "Doll's Lullaby" to the evilly tricky "Snow is Dancing" made famous by Tomita in an electronic version. The suite was written for Debussy's daughter and is utterly charming and really fun to play. The etude's from Book II are incomplete here, but have some of the nices works, along with a beautiful berceuse. If you play piano and love the Impressionist composers, this is a must-have.
3653 Jan Yoors ran away at a young age from his phenomenally understanding Belgian parents and lived on and off with a Lowara gypsy kumpana for many years. Always split between the worlds of the Gajo (European) and Rom  (Gypsy) he nevertheless became one of them though never totally abandoning  his European heritage. His writing is nothing short of miraculous; lyrical,  clear and touching. Jan Yoors also wrote a follow up book (Crossings) about  his years in the Resistance during WWII. Both books are truly wonderful. If  you read any book about the Romany people, this should be the one.
3654 Scriabin was a contemporary of Rachmaninoff, in fact, he studied under the same teacher. Like Rachmaninoff, he was a bridge composer between the late Romantic and the 20th Century period. He was far more modern, in fact, than Rachmaninoff, though his early works were profoundly influenced by Chopin (Rachmaninoff less so--he was influenced by Chopin but also Tchaikovsky.) Despite the fact both composers shared Russian heritage and a love of the piano, Rachmaninoff did not admire Scriabin's works, saying he had gone off in a wrong direction. While I love Rachmaninoff's piano works intensely, I have to say that he was really wrong about Scriabin. This is some of the most gorgeous, introspective, Impressionist piano music ever written. Scriabin had a tragically short life, yet he composed quite a number of etudes, preludes, sonatas and other short piano works. Dover has done a huge favor by putting all the preludes and etudes into a single volume. There is enough material here for years of exploration into the music of a piano master. The edition is a compact volume that manages to sit well on the piano music stand, and the music print is clear and easy to read.
3655 A mix of recipes and wine type pairings, not specific pairings. If you are a neophyte to wine pairing, this book would give you good ideas, but it's more a cookbook of interesting recipes with classes of wines to pair with them.  For example, there is a watermelon-feta-roasted pepper salad. The suggestion is ros, which is a good one (Sauvignon blanc would also work with the salty cheese and sweet melon.) The recipe is typical of the ones in the book; foods you know, like this very typical Greek salad but with a riff--here, roasted peppers. A good idea, too, the bitter undertone of the sweet pepper pairs well with the salty cheese and sweet melon. Likewise, recipes such as tuna  nioise  burgers (tuna  nioise  is a salad with olives, tuna, vinaigrette vegetables like potatoes and haricots vertes) but here put on a bun.  For the riffs on the familiar but adding some twists, love it. As a wine pairing book, it's pretty basic. If you haven't figured out by now that roast turkey needs a slightly sweet wine and that steak takes to a heavy red, then this would enlighten you. If you are enlightened, you'll still enjoy the recipes. Not exactly a GUIDE but a very pleasant cookbook, nonetheless
3656 The authentic feel of this book only hints at the deep research author Merlin Douglas Larsen must have done into the life and times of Count Guy of Ponthieu, who writes his memoirs in the year 1100. Now, as all students know, the Norman conquest of England culminated in 1066 with the Battle of Hastings, where William the Conqueror struck Harold in the eye with a lance and won the battle. The elder military nobleman tells how he became intangled in the Norman invasions. The book is written as a tale told, so the action is all from Count Guy's point of view and reads almost as a diary. This, plus the well-researched background give this book the feel that it was written on parchment and really just unearthed underneath the altar of some abbey to be translated for scholars to argue over. But memoir-like tone aside, the book is packed with action, battles and political maneuvering. It will probably appeal to men a bit more than women, since this is a book about war and not a romantic-style historical drama. Readers who like such books as "Pillars of the Earth" will probably enjoy "Jackals in Iron."
3657 Unless you have the discipline of a saint, it's best to pull off one strip of this delicious chocolate and hide the rest. Dark chocolate is blended with finely slivered almonds and chewy dried Michigan cherries. The balance is the key; neither too sweet, too sticky, too crunchy. I was given one as a gift and I wanted to mow through it and had to hide the rest of the bar. It's just too good. If you like almonds and cherries and that flavor with chocolate, this is way too delicious.
3658 Here's why I always recommend Martin Yan's books; for some reason, his recipes will result in that authentic taste that is often missing from other Chinese or Oriental cookbooks. He gives techniques that really work, like marinating chicken or meats in a cornstarch-soy sauce mix that give the meat that succulent coating when stir fried. Yet most of the recipes can be made with ingredients found in a majority of American grocery stores that stock a foreign food shelf and some exotic vegetables like sprouts and chinese cabbage. I learned to cook Chinese food as a kid from my Dad (he bought an enormous wok right from a restaurant in San Francisco in the 60's. It was so big we had to store it in the garage. But that was the only kind there was, no one sold them in the kitchen department until much later.) We used to make fried rice and Chinese egg omelets (egg fu yung) that tasted like the Chinese restaurants we loved. But it wasn't until I found Martin Yan's cookbooks that I found any book that could duplicate that flavor.
3659 I learned once from an artist that colors directly affect the emotions. If this is true, then Stephen Beal is smitten. He translated his love of the subtly shaded colors of DMC embroidery floss into poems that bring up conflicted emotions of his childhood and sexuality. Some of the emotions are painful to read about. And that is the success of this book; the poems split open a life and show you the not-so-tidy parts that make it up. I've re-read this book several times and, just like an emotion, it is never quite the same each time it is experienced. I think this book is a success as poetry and an autobiography of the most intimate kind.
3660 Although science is not everyone's favorite subject, the story of the sequencing of the human genome is of importance to every person on the planet. The story of the Human Genome Project itself, which is an illustration of how the private sector can succeed where government funded projects have difficulties, is interesting in itself. Even outside of the medical and ethical implications, this story is worth reading for that information alone. But where this book really provides important food for thought is in the medical and ethical arena. It is now possible to find the location and coding for diseases and potential diseases using this information. How will we use this information? To create cures for devastating degenerative diseases like Huntington's, to find cures for the incurable? Or will we use it to deny medical care to people deemed potential insurance risks. One thing that came out of the study was the surprising small number of genes that comprise the genome--one third the number that had long been predicted. Clearly, the genome is an instruction set, and the blueprints to build a human, and the errors that create disease, are written in how the genes are interpreted by the biological mechanism. How we should utilize this information, for good or evil, in years to come will surely be some of the most controversial and important discussions we will have. This book is an excellent place to start in order to understand the basis of this world-shaking achievement.
3661 This is a delightful variation on the toaster: you pop an egg into the poaching pan with some butter, toast a muffin and when both are finished, you assemble a nice egg sandwich. A friend of mine demonstrated his, and his variation on the sandwich involved scrambling the egg, adding a touch of milk and cheese. The one egg was as large as a double burger. This makes it easy to eat just one egg with your morning muffin. The appliance takes up no more space than the average toaster. It's a snap to make a quick breakfast sandwich to grab and go. Big thumbs up for the Egg and Muffin Toaster.
3662 At first, when I bought this, I thought it wasn't going to be useful as our favorite red Creuset dutch oven. But slowly, we began to use this pepper-shaped pot as the default oatmeal or vegetable cooking pot.  The pot heats slowly and evenly, and it is especially good for soups, frozen veggies, cereals and puddings. It can go to the table as a server for a side or a soup. We leave this out on our white stove as a sort of kitchen decor, it gets used all the time.  I love these Creuset pots for cooking--the enamel is healthful compared to metal or non-stick, and cleaning up is easy. Can't recommend this one enough.
3663 Keith Rosten traveled to be a Fulbright lecturer in Kazakhstan. This former Soviet republic holds an important place in history--crossroads of the Silk Road in Central Asia, it is a mixing pot of the Far East and the easternmost reaches of Europe. The people are Asiatic and Turkic, far different than the Russians who moved in during the Soviet era. The time covered in this memoir is the early 90's, when Kazakhstan made the painful transition from Soviet republic to a nation on its own (though associated in the Russian circle.) The turmoil of ethnic conflict, monetary upheavals are well documented here.  But what I really appreciated was the more personal observation about daily life. Rosten travels around Kazakhstan and reports the customs of the people in personal detail--this is the best part of the book. How much vodka to order for a party (surprise; 1 bottle per every 2 adults. Women will drink champagne...maybe.) He tries to avoid getting into drinking matches, sipping the edge of his glass and we imagine him watering the potted plants secretly now and then. The cold weather, the markets, the local cuisine (horse is on the menu) and the juxtaposition of statues of Lenin surrounded by ceremonial yurts. It's a wonderful journey and Rosten tells it simply and well. This is not only a book about recent historical events, it's a personal book--his time as a guest in a foreign land. I loved it and if you are an armchair traveler, you will want to pick this up and read it.
3664 This is wonderful thriller, a combination murder mystery and paranormal novel. I read the first page--and that was it. I just couldn't put it down. I'm not normally a thriller or mystery novel reader, but I really enjoyed this. For one thing, the author is an absolutely excellent writer. Characters sketched in quickly and with sure strokes. In a few sentences, you have an idea who is who, but the character develops--new sides show up, and the veils drop off. Who is "Dan" (or is he really Richard Fornek)? Is Liz "the Lizard" his beautiful wife (or was that Karen?)  When the police show up to investigate a body found in the back of Lew's store, things take an unexpected turn for Richard, who up until now has been happy to ride along as Dan and appreciate the wife Dan seemed to have neglected. But a lot more is at stake.  I want more from this author. Good stuff--great "beach read" or "airplane read" or anytime you want to escape in a book that is a good puzzle and a good mystery with a dash of the fantastic.
3665 I must have every book Winston has written, and I've definitely profited by them. This book is a little harder to grasp because (1) you are not moving THINGS but ordering your TIME and (2) you don't always have control over other people as you would your filing cabinet and closets.  Winston does deal with time robbers and emergencies--which are some of those uncontrollable things, and give good hints for organizing your day. I think it is a bit ambitious to include job changing in such a book , but since this is a task that you must make time for and that many people find hard to schedule because of inertia or unwillingness or the unpleasantness of getting going on a job search, I suppose it is just as well that this topic is covered.  But for job hunting, you'd probably need a more specific book.
3666 "Peaches for Monsieur le Cure" finishes a trilogy that started with "Chocolat." Vianne Rocher returns to the fateful village where much has changed yet much remains the same. Who is the father of Josephine's spritely son Pilou? He says his father is a pirate...which means???? Is this why Roux choses to stay behind in Paris?  The conflict between a district of Moroccan immigrants, the French residents and the Cure and his adversary, the younger and more modern new priest are just as good as the original Chocolat, but the book does not have the simple hilarity of the original, nor as much of the magic. It's a lot sadder. Still a great read, and it's fun to go back to Lansquenet-sur-Tannes again but don't expect the same as the first novel, nor anything really like the film version of "Chocolat."
3667 Here's a memoir about a boy raised by a definitely psychotic or at least deeply neurotic woman who used her religion as a cudgel to treat her son with unspeakable mental and physical cruelty. She was extremely devious in the ways she abused her son (lying to the father, who was all to glad to be hands-off in his raising of his son.)  The sad thing is how the son keeps waiting for his "fairy real-mother" to show up, you know, the nice one, the reasonable one, and for his "real" father to show up and rescue him. But the predictable happens instead (father absents himself further and Mom is still the everyday evil one.)  The book is not primarily a diatribe against Jehovah's Witnesses. The author does discuss briefly the principles as he was taught, about the 144,000 chosen ones and "the great crowd", and "The Great Disappointment." This is more a memoir about child abuse and how one boy managed to find his own way out of it and into his own family and learned how to love his own children in a way he never was able to be loved. So it's about salvation in a way, the salvation of finding what you need in giving it to others.  I'm recommending the book not only for a memoir about child abuse (which could help some survivors) but also for the last chapter, the epilogue, which describes how Coburn found his way out of his nightmare early years. I think this could be very helpful to a number of people as well as merely an interesting, if horrific memoir.
3668 Why did I title my review "Bowing to the inevitable?" Because if you aren't a Mac user, you will end up needing this suite of software. The days of bundling software are pretty much over, or you get a suite of also-rans, worthy in themselves but not the gold standard. So if you have a PC at home, you are going to have to pony up to buy Microsoft's most popular workhorses.  Here's what you get:  - Excel 2003  - Outlook 2003  - Powerpoint 2003  - Word 2003  At a glance, you can see this is probably 99 percent of all the software you need, save for a graphics program to manipulate images and photos.  This allows you to do Powerpoints at home, to email using Outlook, which is a very good contact manager, and to have a word processor and spreadsheet.  The price is not cheap but it is reasonable for what you get. For pupils in school and for teachers, it's probably a must.
3669 The late Alf Wight aka James Herriot left a legacy of books that excites readers to this day (and I presume will do so for decades more.) His gentle, self-deprecating style of humor and the portraits of the Yorkshire Dales farmers and country people are amusing and interesting. The four books, named after a hymn "All Creatures Great and Small" are joined by this fifth volume with similar stories. James (as Alf called himself) now has his own practice in Skeldale House, is married with two kids. The stories are very similar to the first four, with goof-ups, miracles, and funny tales. Somehow, these stories are not quite as hilarious as the first set, possibly because Mr. Herriot had written up most of the good stuff, or to represent the seriousness of raising two kids and having his own practice and being a settled man rather than a raw youth just out on his own. Nonetheless, if you lapped up all the "Creature" books, as I did, and you mourn the loss of Dr. Wight, who passed away in the 90's, then you will want to read these stories and vicariously enjoy more of the daily life of a country vet.
3670 If you are not up to date on employment rules and legal findings on employee harrassment, and you have an employee, this is an easy way to become educated about what's required of you, and how to handle harrassment issues the right way. As usual, NOLO publishes a guide for the average person that is easy to read and interesting, yet manages to touch on the main issues with thoroughness.
3671 If you like to do crafts or detail work, the OttLites are great for supplying true color, bright light right where you work. I've had this lamp for a while and it has some good points but there are a few annoyances.  Good points:  Built in magnifier that folds down. Not clunky  Swivel base  Fold up when not in use.  Handle on top so you can carry it around to wherever you are working.  The fluorescent true color bulb really does make it easier to see.  Bad points:  Top heavy when open. The base is designed to be compact but unfortunately that also makes it unstable.  Tends to fold up now and then.  I still like this light because of the portability. I often carry it from place to place around the house. For stability, if you have space for mounting a lamp on a table, or can use a floor lamp, you may prefer the versions that are not portable. They are more easily positioned in some ways, as you can keep the base farther away from you and move the light or magnifier in close to your work. Hint on shopping: a well-known fabric store (starts with J) has these on sale several times a year or has fifty percent off coupons so it pays to look around, as you can save half on the usual price for these lights.
3672 This novel surprised me. I agree that prehistory is a tough sell. Do we really relate to a hunter-gatherer society? Sue Harrison is excellent at creating a heroic character, Chagak and a fascinating wise man as well as a brutal hunter, a patient suitor and much more. We even get to know Chagak's mother, though she is dead. Her wisdom shines through the thoughts of Chagak as she struggles to not only survive, but prevail against a cruel environment and crueler still, the Short Ones who devastated her life.  I love this book for the anthropological detail on how these people used seal skins, bird feathers, bones, sinew and how they stored and cooked their food. This is amazing and written in such a natural way to the story that it blends in seamlessly. And Chagak is a wonderful character that makes me want to know more and more about her life. I want to read more by this author, and thankfully, there are other books in this series.
3673 Since I live alone, I can't finish an entire bottle of wine. Plus, I like to keep a bottle for cooking. This stopper lets you close up an opened bottle, and pour out of it at the same time. You do need two hands to open the lever for pouring but that's not a big issue. For someone like me who usually has an unfinished bottle in the fridge, this is a very nice stopper and a bit better than the usual rubber corks I buy instead.  Pros: Stoppers up unused wine Lets you pour without uncorking "Aerates" the wine as you pour (not sure how really effective this is--would have to compare two newly opened bottles with regular aerating and this stopper)  Cons: Need two hands to push lever to open it, which is no more convenient that pulling off a rubber stopper.  Summary: pretty nice for opened bottles and handy pour spout, especially for sloshing into your cooking. Not entirely convenient due to the lever design.
3674 Simple handheld frother works on 2 double A batteries (not included.) You heat milk to 60C or 140F (under boiling) and then move the wand up and down, near the surface, to create the foam. I used a ceramic barrista pitcher because it goes into the microwave but you can heat milk in a Pyrex cup or anything you choose, obviously the steel pitchers need to have milk heated separately. The wand vibrates at a very high speed and the little holes around the end mix air into your milk.  I got a good foam, didn't work on a stiff foam because I didn't have low fat milk (which works best to make a solid foam) but I got a good froth that made for a great cafe con leche, which is typically what I like for breakfast on cold mornings.  While you might get better foam from a steam machine, cleaning this is a breeze and it stores away in the utensil drawer no bigger than a knife or spatula, And it is very affordable.
3675 Sue Hubble is an excellent writer; you can feel the hot Ozark sun and hear the hypnotic murmur of her bees, the bright slash of a bunting's song and share her wonder at the joys and challenges in country life. If you aspire to memoir writing, this is a fine example of the craft. If you want walk in someone else's footsteps for a few hundred pages, learn how they live and how they think and feel about everyday things and about nature, this is for you. I love this book.
3676 Soft-jazz fans take note: the "Afro-Brazil" Project is a fantastic recording. Ravi, who plays the African 21 string Kora (harp-lute) has blended the sweet, bell-like sound of the kora with traditional Brazilian samba, bossa nova and those infectious yet relaxing South American pop rhythms. The kora is a natural for the samba, giving the sound of the various percussion bells often used in that dance. And the cross-fertilization of Africa to Latin America and back continues (as in the popular Baobab Orchestra's "Pirate's Choice".) I have quite a few Brazilian albums, but this is most definitely up on the top of my playlist because it's not cliche in the least. Ravi works with the exceptional clarinetist Paulo Moura and vocals of Marlui Miranda, plus Brazilian percussion to tie it all together and keep it authentic (Robertinho Silva and Armando Marcal.) The mixing of the instruments is masterfully accomplished. There is what sounds like natural sampling, but is apparently drumming and not synthetic mixed sound. The kora itself never dominates, but stays teasingly in the middle of the mix, seasoning the whole like salt and pepper in a soup. The sound is fresh, perfectly fused and true to the genre yet new and delightful. If you love Brazilian sound or soft jazz or world music, this is an absolute MUST. I think this album could be a major hit.
3677 "The Sekhmet Bed" is set in ancient Egypt (always an appealing time in history) and covers the life of the so-called Thutmosides,  Egypt's royal family that produced the female pharaoh Hatshepsut and other notable kings and queens. The writing is great--I was deep into the novel within minutes of starting it, and the characters are lively and well-drawn. The author can really put you right in a scene with its sights, sounds and even odors. It's vivid and there's action going on constantly. Reading this was like watching a big, spectacle movie and I couldn't put it down.  The two main characters, Ahmose and Mutnofret are sisters, daughters of the Pharaoh and for political reasons, on the death of their father, they have to share power to keep the dynasty AND the political and military strength of Egypt. Immediately, there is conflict, and conflict makes the best drama.  This is Book 1 of a series and I'm happy about that, as I certainly want to read more of L. M. Ironside. She is going to continue and get into the story of Hatshepsut herself, who was one of the most successful pharaohs but so hated after her death by her political rivals that her very name was chiseled off tombs and monuments. If you love historical novels and love Ancient Egypt, you'll love this.
3678 This book is value priced and has all the information needed to learn how to know socks. All the socks are knitted in thicker yarns (like DK) so the beginner will have an easier time of manipulating the 3 plus 1 double pointed needles. The author chose to make the patterns for sets of 4 double points, but you can figure out how to use 4 (divide the knitting into four parts, not three.) There are a dozen patterns here, enough to amuse the knitter after he or she learns the basics, and to teach how to vary sock patterns yourself by studying how the basic sock method can be adjusted for stripes, patterns, and there's even the amusingly titled "Yours, Mine and Argyles." Recommended.
3679 Good wrap for after-shower or swimming. One star for being microfiber. I know it's absorbent, but the feel has that slightly sticky, rough, catch-on-the-fingertips feel of microfiber, which is not my favorite fabric. I'm going to use this for swimming in summer because it doesn't look like a bathrobe being black.
3680 Bonnie Miller is a Seattle-based artist who puts together a gallery of art glass works in this book that will make your mouth water. The photography is large, bright and exceptionally good. I was particularly taken with the work of Ginny Ruffner, who incorporates a kind of surrealism in her glass reminiscent of Dali. David Schwarz's work has the eye-teasing properties of Escher, yet reminds one of New Mexican Native American pots. This is not your everyday art glass. If you love glass and sculpture, you will adore this volume.
3681 This is a thrilling novel, pitting the Bene Gesserit against a new enemy, the Honored Matres. Obviously there must be some relationship between an order of women devoted to politics and breeding stock (Bene Gesserit=Well Bred) and a group of fearsome fighting women who unlike the Bene Gesserit, seem not to be addicted to the Spice. The Spice is that drug that creates the ability to see past and future and all the lives encapsulated in one's genes. It's now even more valuable as Rakis (once Arrakis) no longer produces the quantities of Spice as before.  And what happened to the Fish Speakers, God Emperor Leto's army after the Diaspora, that time he had forseen when men would be scattered throughout the universe and once again re-invent humanity. Did they become the Honored Matres? Or are the Honored Matres something else?  We get a new character here in the style of Paul Atreides, maybe even more successful than Paul; Miles Teg. A descendant of Paul, he is a born general and vital to the Bene Gesserit in their desperate fight to hold onto their worlds against the Honored Matres onslaught. And Duncan Idaho is reborn yet again, this time to serve the Bene Gesserit as he served the Atreides in the past.  This book is almost as good as the original Dune, and its successor, Chapterhouse Dune is equally good. Together they make for an exciting set of science fiction novels.
3682 My favorite chapter: Don't Continue Doing the Same Things and Expect a Different Result. Need I say more about the valuable stuff in this book? This is possibly the best of the "Don't Sweat" series and I cannot recommend it enough to anyone, young or old, in a relationship or out of one. It's eye-opening truth. Thanks, Dr. Carlson.
3683 This is a fancier capo probably best for electric guitarists or steel string acoustic players. It has a lot of features on it.  1. Spring clamp type 2. Adjustable tension 3. Pick holder below the spring 4. Bracket to hold a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/D-Addario-NS-Micro-Clip-On-Tuner/dp/B005FKF1PY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">D'Addario NS Micro Clip-On Tuner</a>  If you use a pick and that micro tuner, this may be the right capo for you. I prefer a simpler design.
3684 Unlike the traditional Spanish, Gitano-influenced guitar music, New Flamenco is jazzier and can be flavored by international influences from Asia, the Near East and Africa.  Jesse Cook, Oscar Lopez and several other guitarists are sampled here. Cook is quite reknown and always makes a fun jumble of world sounds. Some of the other guitarists here are more traditional, but it's all lovely stuff. If you like other guitarists like Ottmar Liebert, for example, this will definitely appeal to you.
3685 I picked this up on sale, for ninety-nine pennies and for that, it's well worth it. Sadly, the price has gone way up, but the book does have some very good recipes, the kind you are looking for, especially for brunch. There are several coffee cakes, including a cranberry coffee cake, and a breakfast casserole that are always what you are searching the internet to find when you are planning a brunch event.  The recipes have that updated feel--"Like a Southerner" doesn't mean straight out of the Junior League cookbook with Amanda Ray and Lucille Iola's secret recipes. But there are classics like field peas with green beans (popular around here) and biscuits, cornbread and the like. And there are modern riffs like "salt covered chocolate bacon ice cream." Woo. Not sure about that one; if I were brave enough to make it, I imagine it would be either great, or a crime against bacon. Or ice cream, or chocolate. Or all three.  I wouldn't pay the full price, however, for this book. So I knocked off two stars for that--and also for the fact that the Kindle preview doesn't include the index, which I deem essential to buying any book online.
3686 When changing your lenses, have you ever dropped or lost a back cap? It's annoying because lenses need TLC. I bought these back caps to make sure I always have an extra handy in case I drop or misplace a back lens cap. I just tuck these into the camera bag and it's there for emergencies. The fit and feel is exactly the same as the caps that came with my lenses and they are stamped Canon.
3687 I usually get my olive oil from "Trader Guiseppe" but since that is a fifty mile trip, one way and I was OUT of olive oil, I decided "Amazon Prime to the rescue." But would Partanna extra virgin olive oil be any good? It was a nice surprise. A decorative old-fashioned can showed up, the kind that has a plug you pull from the opening (no fancy spout) and I gave it a try. Fruity, light, and slightly bitter at the end. Completely decent. In fact, it is as good as any I was using before. The can is nice as it's lightproof, and oil goes rancid more quickly if it's exposed to light. (Can't do anything about the oxygen.) I filled up my (lightproof) stoneware cruet and I was absolutely pleased. And it's Sicilian olive oil, which is one of my favorites. Better yet, it isn't one of the blends which is partly from Spain, Morocco and many other places--it's an early harvest, single-variety olive oil and it's unfiltered. This is like the oil we'd get from a friend's place in Sicily when we lived in Europe (palmed off to us at his restaurant in a mason jar, with a shhh--this is the DON'S oil. We never knew if he was joking or not. Maybe not.)  For the price, I was astounded. Perfectly excellent olive oil.
3688 Vivian Hoxbro re-introduced motif knitting with her domino knits about 10 years ago in Interweave Knits. Her book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Domino-Knitting/dp/193149911X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Domino Knitting</a>&nbsp;shows off this technique of knitting small squares and knitting them together to make bags, hats, sweaters, shawls and pillows.  This sequel shows you some more ways to use squares and also describes the open square (window square) method which makes a very nice net or lace. In addition, the book shows felting and how to make objects like bags (with a loop top using the open square method--nice!)  There are some unique pillows, including a pyramidal shape that would be great on a daybed. There is a variation on the Faroese house-shoe (a felted slipper traditionally used inside houses to protect the floors.)  There are few sweaters. If you like to design, this book will be useful, but if you are looking for finished garments using this technique, this is not what you are going to like. For someone who wants to branch out and create new shawls, scarves, hats and other ideas, this is ideal.
3689 Mass spectroscopy is one of the most useful techniques in biotechnology, especially proteomics. The identification of drug metabolites, synthesis products and protein and protein fragments is a central activity in many types of research projects. Small molecules and larger macromolecules can be analyzed, both for molecular weight and their structure. The popularity of mass spectrometric analysis in biotechnology has soared over the last decade. There have been new developments in mass spec, including hybrid instruments that combine MALDI (Matrix-assisted laser desorption) with ESI electrospray, new ion trap instruments, and many developments such as high-throughput analysis and mass spec for clinical diagnostics. This book serves as both an update to Dr. Siuzdak's first book "Mass Spectrometry for Biotechnology" and really, serves as a replacement since the original text was published in 1996. The chapters include: 1. Ionization and the Mass Spectrometer 2. Mass Analyzers 3. Practical Aspects of Biomolecular Analysis 4. Peptide and Protein Analysis 5. Protein Profiling 6. Protein Structure characterization 7. Nucleic acid, carbohydrates and steroids 8. High throughput analysis 9. Pharmacokinetics 10. Mass Spectrometry in Action (applications) For instructors in analytical chemistry courses at the college or graduate level, the book is a useful text with questions at the end of the chapters to be used as review. These are not in-depth questions, but they are a good tool for the self-directed student to check his or her comprehension. The later chapters are heavy on applications such as carbohydrate and oligonucleotide and steroid analysis, as well as pharmacokinetics. There are many illustrations, well-drawn and clear. This compact, well-written and useful primer should be on the shelf of anyone doing mass spec in biotechnology, anyone studying analytical chemistry or really, anyone in biotechnology.
3690 Author Cuba takes a little-known chapter in Jewish history and writes a very worthy novel. The device is a diary; Maya finds the diary of her mysterious mother Hannah after Hannah dies. Now some of the mystery of Hannah's life unfolds for Maya, and she learns of her mother's struggles, bravery and difficulties while she examines her own life through new eyes. Hannah escaped Germany and went to Shanghai and ultimately ended up in America. The story of her flight and her struggles is the backdrop for the novel, and as the mystery of Hannah unfolds, Maya learns a lot about her own life and her own attitudes.  The diary is the most fascinating part of the book--the refugees in China mourn the loss of their comfortable life in German and they live in squalor in Japanese-occupied China. Shanghai is dirty and cold. Diseases are rampant, yet the Jewish refugees hear stories of Treblinka and realize that though life is hard, it is far more horrible in Germany. And the survivor guilt sets in, for the victims of the Holocaust, for those left behind when Hannah goes to America.  This is a very good novel; the interleaving of Maya's life is typical of novels today that twine two lives together and show their relationship and contrasts. But for me, the diary was so poignant and real, it almost overshadowed Maya's story. However, alone it is almost too much to read and together with Maya's tale, you can almost walk her part and with her, begin to untangle the lives that affected you from the past, lives with  struggles that we can hardly know.  A terrific book. Recommended.
3691 Pushing snow with one of these shovels is a lot easier than lifting and tossing, especially with wet snow. If you get snow in winter, this is a good tool to have in the garage. When you want one when a storm is forecast, they often sell out, so be prepared. Note that this shovel arrives in a pretty big box, but the weight of the box isn't too heavy.
3692 Bamboo Fun has an ergonomically-designed pen that feels great in the hand, an issue I had with previous graphics tables.  The tablet advertises that you can use "simple hand gestures."  Since the sensitive area of the tablet is larger, I find I can do more sweeping gestures, less cramped writing. If you are using this as a mouse replacement, there are four buttons along the left side that work as mouse functions.  The Bamboo is connected via a USB port and this model is of course newer so the drivers are up to date for Windows 7 as well as Vista. I love the wide shape.
3693 This mix makes absolutely delicious pancakes. For wheat-sensitive and gluten-sensitive people, this mix is a Godsend. We make these most weekends as a treat.  Now, it is true that this mix doesn't, out of the bag as directed, make a good waffle. But don't let that stop you. Waffles have different requirements than pancakes. They need more leavening (air) and more fat. So we use real melted butter in the batter and do not stint on this (if you are not a butter eater, use an oil.) And for the eggs, this hint is invaluable. Take the time to separate the eggs. Beat in the yolks as you make the batter but have beaten the WHITES separately to stiff or almost-stiff peaks. Then at the end, fold in the whites in the batter. This adds "oomph" to the batter and keeps the waffles from being overly heavy. We do use a flip-able waffle iron and this also keeps the waffles light, as does a Belgian (deep) style waffler. The thinner German or American style waffles come out less good. I have done extensive trials with both styles of waffler and with beaten egg white and we find that this gives a wonderful waffle. We actually prefer this mix to standard pancake mix (one of us is wheat-sensitive, but we both enjoy these.)
3694 This is a beautifully produced tape and Ali MacGraw is a beautifully inspiring model. The scenery is magnificent. Frankly, some of the poses are a bit difficult at first. However the breathing exercises in the beginning of the tape are just fabulous.  This means that even if you can't do all the poses you can use this for relaxation and improved breathing, and that's what I often use this tape for. Once you take a class and get some instruction, the most difficult poses can be done by nearly anyone. These are classic poses and this is a good overall workout on a tape that you won't be shoving in the drawer to gather dust.
3695 This is a quote I read somewhere regarding ViaVoice V.9 about its compatibility with other software on your Windows system.  I got ViaVoice 9 up and running pretty quickly (and installed the mic after a bit of hassle due to Windows, not the software.) It does indeed recognize words well (though I'd have to put in a specialized dictionary of scientific terms like "proteomics" because ViaVoice thinks I said "show me your picks.") And it's fun hearing "Woodrow" the pencil-shaped cousin of the evil Clippy read in a voice borrowed from Stephen J. Hawkins. But, though this works well in Speakpad, installing ViaVoice totally hosed my Microsoft Word, to the point I have to de-install the ViaVoice and HOPE I can get away without de-installing and re-installing Word. The software seems to change some kernel dll and this is NOT A GOOD THING. If you need speech and read-back ability, and you can live with quirks like this, I'd say, it's a cheap way to get speech recognition software on your PC. (Might work for a budget-limited person with special needs.) But if you are going to dictate to Word or even USE Word without the speech, this is a no-no. Find another software package.
3696 I sometimes like to can quarts of peaches and applesauce and ripe, Roma tomatoes.  I prefer my peaches, because I use fruit juice to replace most of the sugar syrup (mango juice!) and our local peaches are really good. I can get tree-ripe peaches at the orchard, and we have a dessert that tastes so good, it's hard not to consume an entire quart for dessert. A larger jar means more peaches per jar, and if you personally have a big family, a big jar of peaches is what you want. (My first ever batch of canned peaches for my husband, he liked them so well, a single quart jar would go in a single meal and after all that work, it is somewhat disheartening to see the jars dwindle so quickly on the shelf.)  Same goes for applesauce, or any other food such as pickles, tomato sauce or tomatoes that you are going to use in big quantities. For example, if you make a pickle from a big vegetable or fruit such as a whole cucumber or a green tomato, a bigger jar is handy.  Locally, it's hard to find the large jars, even though we are in an area with enthusiastic home canners (Amish, Mennonite and others.) So I was glad to find these.  Back to the juice idea; I get those tetrapacks of quarts of mango juice in the Spanish food section of the grocery (Jumex or Goya.) I use that juice as the canning liquid. The ascorbic and citric acid in the juice and the sugar plus the flavor help the peaches keep their color and add a great flavor.
3697 I put this ink into a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MONTEVERDE-Intima-Fountain-Pen/dp/B00JRUMLVA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MONTEVERDE Intima Fountain Pen </a>that has a 1.1mm stub nib (a narrow calligraphy nib that is good for italics.) The color that flowed out is precisely what I see on my screen as a sample--a deep burnt orange, the color of a darkened copper pot. This is a great color--brighter than brown but still having that look of antiquity.  The ink flows beautifully out of the pen. I tried it using a converter and I had no problems starting the pen after a quick shake over the sink. After capping the pen overnight, it started up again and writes smoothly. It dries in seconds. It didn't bleed on my notepaper (relatively thick notepad, thicker than printer paper, with little tooth.) This ink is NOT waterproof--you can wash it right off a page (assuming your paper can stand up to a little water.)  The color is close to quinacridone burnt sienna, if you are a painter and use that color in your palette. It might even be quinacridone dye for all I know. It is a beautiful color for adding to journals and accenting watercolors. The 30ml bottle lets you try more colors without committing to a big bottle of a single color--but I probably will buy the bigger flask when I run out. This is a color I can see using frequently--and with pleasure.
3698 Knitting is not just a matter of color or cable texture stitches. There are many interesting architectural techniques that can make for creative and comfortable garments. If you like to knit and want to learn more about the craft of knitting, you will enjoy this book. Each pattern can be used  to learn new techniques, and many can be adapted to make unique knits of  your own. I use these patterns over and over for many things. Compared to  the average knitting book that just displays some nice designs, this is  practically a reference volume.
3699 If you make dessert souffles (chocolate or jam-filled) these small heart shaped ramekins are just the thing to dress up your table. THey also hold cheese, dips or other small side dishes. The colors are very modern and interesting; if you know someone who has used deep brown and kiwi or aqua in their decor, this would make quite a housewarming gift. Or Valentine's day present.
3700 Brioche stitch is a form of slipped stitch knitting (you slip the stitch from the row beneath and make a slipped stitch-yarnover unit.)  As with other slipped stitch fabrics, like mosaic knitting, it lends itself to two color work with ease and it's reversible. You can do circular knitting  but because you need a right and a wrong side, you do a row 1 and a row 2 (like making garter stitch in circular knitting.) You can make swaths of intricate fabric that looks a bit like k1 p1 rib.  The fabrics created in "Fresh Brioche" are not like any I've seen before. In particular, there is a "cathedral" stitch I've never laid eyes on before. A lot of stitches look like waves, others like vines and leaves. The patterns created from the stitch variations are mostly shawls and cowls. Some of the patterns use light mohair, showing you that brioche stitch does not have to be made from smooth, heavier yarns, and that it can even create a lacy effect.  If you love to collect knitting stitch patterns, and if you love brioche stitch, this book has unusual and new ways to use brioche. It is somewhat limited in the pattern item selections, but this book is more a stitch book than a knitting pattern book. The stitches are eye-catching.
3701 Flavigny was the town, I think, where they filmed "Chocolat." It has a very ancient candy factory that makes all kinds of pastilles and hard candy. The Violet Pastilles are a round, pan-coated candy. They are white, deeply scented with violet extract and have an anise seed at the center. They are great for sweet breath and the taste, once acquired, is addictive.
3702 These little Vogue on the Go books are so cute. They are quite small in format, fit the knitting bag or purse. They aren't very long, though (96 pages) but the patterns are colorful and wearable. I prefer this sock book to the other books in the On the Go series because here, size doesn't matter (some of the Vogue sweaters and vests aren't sized up for large people.) Socks, however, can be worked up as-is for adults, or can be easily adapted--you can always lengthen or shorten a sock pattern. The colors are especially appealing and new. I've been toying with the idea of a mitred square sock for some time, and lo, here is Jaya's mitered square socks, saving me the time to develop my own pattern. While this isn't a "absolutely must-have" book, it is a welcome addition of pretty sock patterns, the price is right-- worth it for the mitred sock, in my case.
3703 Everyone thinks "Taj Mahal" when they think of sightseeing in India. The Taj is indeed magnificent; it's a long car ride out of New Delhi but worth the visit. However, near Agra are other sites listed in this book that are just as amazing, and worth visiting because they will round out your view of the history of the area. (Did you know a black marble version of the Taj was designed by the same Shah Jahan, to be built as his own tomb nearby? And that his son imprisoned him in the nearby Red Fort, with a view of the Taj from his luxurious cell?) Actually, in Delhi we were even more impressed by the Qutb Minar, which despite its being called a minaret (Islamic Prayer Tower) was really an astronomical observatory. If you are lucky and get a highly educated guide (ours was a retired university professor who volunteers there) you will find out the interesting background behind the tower, the Hindu design of the temple, the mysterious iron pillar and more. But don't rely on getting a good guide; we were lucky. Better to have this book to make sure you know what you are going to see. India has a fabulous wealth of World Heritage sites and some of the most impressive architecture and archeology in the world. If you get a chance to go to India, you should get this book to make sure you can visit some of these wonders. The World Heritage sites are by far not the only things worth seeing in India, but they are definitely at the top of the list. This book will help you locate and select these places if you get the opportunity to visit.
3704 I got this tea on a recommendation from an Irish shopper at our local grocery store. I was looking to see if there was any tea worth buying and he recommended Tetley British Blend. The bags are round, flat and free of strings and labels. The blend is similar in strength to PG Tips (not as mellow, perhaps) and doesn't have that weedy flavor of typical American teabags. I was pretty surprised that I got a decent enough pot of tea for a lot less than a box of PG Tips.  I personally prefer Lyons Green Label but our local store's distributor has seen fit to discontinue it, Barry's and Yorkshire, all brands I like. This is almost as good. I think Twinings, which used to be excellent when I was a teenager, has become tasteless, and Tazo (Starbucks Brand) which had a good black tea (Awake) is no longer what it was, either.  For the money, this makes a decent cup of tea, and I enjoy a pot often when I come home from work. I am sure there are better teas out there, and loose tea makes a superior cup, but for the price/availability/quality combination, this tea is very acceptable.
3705 "Hime" is "Princess Brand" and it is a big seller in Japanese and Korean grocery stores. This faintly green powder is mixed with water to make a thick paste to get wasabi, used for sushi, sashimi and to flavor tuna and other dishes. One trick is to mix the wasabi in a rice bowl or tea bowl and turn the bowl upside-down. Yes, that's what I said, turn it over. The paste will stick in the bowl, and the developing sulfurous gases that make wasabi hot, hot, hot are retained, improving the bite. Get that wasabi buzz. I like to use it in tuna with wasabi-potato crust. Or being short on time, I just grill some yellowtail and mix a wasabi-sugar-soy sauce glaze and brush it on at the end of the grilling. Hot and sweet. Another totally bizarre but quite normal Japanese dish is wasabi nori chazuke, or tea-rice. Get some leftover rice warmed up in a bowl, put a dab of wasabi and a sprinkle of sushi nori strips. Pour hot green tea (bancha) over and drink like a soup. Said to be a cure for hangover (I wouldn't know, but they say it works.)
3706 This is smaller than you might think--but it works fine to add a footrest to my Papasan chair. The blue microfiber is pretty much the same color as a cushion on the chair bought elsewhere. The rattan is wound with bamboo for the joints and it looks good.
3707 Yes, it is "Messiah", not "The Messiah" that is the title of this great work of music. But this recording is "the" Messiah recording to have. Hands down. I think I've sung this work in various choirs over 20 times. And I have had many recordings, Baroque-style, full orchestral, you name it. But this recording is still my favorite. In particular, the "Air: He shall feed His flock like a shepherd" sung by both Clift and mezzo Catherine Robbin was what decided me that this was THE one. There is no sample here of that section of the work so you will have to trust me on this one; if you love "Messiah" this is one recording that does it full justice.
3708 I was amazed that "Divergent" used a similar plot to Hunger Games, but despite the similarities, it was completely engrossing and this "young adult" novel is certainly an exciting book. (NO SPOILERS...read on, safely...)  The similarities: the Factions of the Divergent Series are like the Districts of Panem, except the districts are "factions" and they are sorted by qualities of personality that are deemed to be virtues among men: Abnegnation (self-denial and altruism), Erudite (knowledge and science), Amity (peace and friendship), Dauntless (courage and protection) and Candor (truthfulness.) The protagonist Beatrice or Tris has a brother (Katniss has a sister) and there is a sorting rather reminiscent of Harry Potter's Sorting Hat where based on a simulation created by a drug-induced hallucination, the young applicants choose their faction. It may not be the one they grow up in, but it often is.  Beatrice and Caleb are from Abnegation, which is also where the leaders of the city (Chicago post-apocalypse) are chosen for their selfless devotion to others. Beatrice's aptitude test is ambiguous, and like Harry Potter, she could choose several paths, and like Harry Potter, she chooses courage.  After choosing the faction, initiation starts, and this is where the similarities to Hunger Games are quite noticeable, because there is pain and violence. And death. And like Hunger Games, all is not as it seems in the world of the Factions.  This is a fast read and despite the derivation from other those other popular novels, it stands on its own and the concept of the Factions is an interesting one. This is very good science fiction and I enjoyed it immensely.
3709 Most people read Huxley's Brave New World (under duress, maybe, in school) and possibly Chrome Yellow and Eyeless in Gaza, his two other popular novels. However, After Many a Summer is a wonderful, not-very-long novel that displays Huxley's superb sarcastic wit. In this novel, Huxley plays on man's fear of death. He creates a  somewhat W. R.  Hearst-like rich businessman who wants to use his money and power to cheat Death, and a scientist who has no compunctions against using any means to lengthen life, without questioning what quality that extended life really has. The ending is a real surprise. This is one of Huxley's most enjoyable novels to read. It is also a timely one that can be read in the light of the new  genetic research pusing the boundaries of science. As in Brave New World, Huxley was frighteningly accurate in his prophesies.
3710 Not a techy-geeky type? When someone says "Linux" do you think of a Charles Schulz character with a security blanket? If that's you, you may profit from Brian Shea's excellent introduction to computer security. Shea uses the same metaphor we use at home to explain security to the novice computer user--a home or a castle, with doors, windows and locks. Viewing security the way you view locking up a house is helpful to visualize the concepts of firewalls. In addition, there is a fine chapter on how to set up your email accounts to avoid spam and how to get rid of spam (not easy, admittedly) coming in existing accounts. Highly recommended for the average computer user.
3711 "Plateaux" is described as having a quality as if "two people decided to suddenly speak a new language made up of coherent sounds but with no pre-existing grammar." Here, the pre-existing grammar could be defined as predictable melodic sequences. Yet "Ambient 2" contains some of the most lyrical pieces of the 4 album series.  The chiming sounds of keyboard or synthesizer are played against either a silent background, fading into quiet, or against a low struck tone that hovers in the background. The feeling is of floating on a lake at night, with the dark bowl of the sky completing a sphere of velvet around you and only the glistening stars for companions.  This is by far my favorite of the Eno collaboration albums in the series. Harold Budd and Brian Eno seem to, indeed, speak a new language that both comprehend and we can marvel at.
3712 The introduction to this book is as interesting as the book itself. Anna Leonowens remains a controversial character. The truth of her stories is questionable, her own biographical information may have been selectively edited or changed to reflect a more genteel background than Anna really had. Was she, in fact, an Anglo-Indian? Much scandal surrounds her still. This book is the source, along with her other book The English Governess at the Siamese Court, for Margaret Landon's better known work Anna and the King of Siam. This book has the story of Tuptim, the concubine who was executed for running away, disguised as a priest. It is written in a typically Victorian elaborate style, so can be heavy going for some people. However, if you are curious about Anna herself, this is a must-read.
3713 Great fit. Comfortable, super price.  I would not say this is a "sports bra" but as an everyday bra, it's good. It's slighly padded, which is not helpful when you are big, but it is good coverage. I wish the size I need were in more colors. Excellent price/fit/function. 2X will fit a 44DD or G
3714 I have a Roady 2 which was in the car, but now is mostly at home on a home conversion kit. But I hate cranking up the XM radio to hear it upstairs or when I am running all around the house.  This is a special headphone set with a built in XM antenna. As long as you are in range of the southern sky, where the XM satellite lives, you can pick up wonderful XM broadcasts.  The unit consists of a cassette that holds the Roady 2. It charges up a battery and you attach the special headphones that bring in the signal. The battery lasts in my use about 4-8 hours of continuous play.  The unit is a tad heavy compared to a cd player or tape player portable and a LOT heavier than a MP3 but you get your XM radio nearly anywhere.  Will not work in a shielded building or too far away from a window where you can get the satellite feed.
3715 This is the elite filter with 2200 MPR rating, and it states there is a 3 month life, though in our area, when grain is being harvested, we get about 1 month, then the filter is visibly dirty. If it hasn't rained and they are bringing the soybeans in, the dust and particles really make for dirty air. But normally, in winter, we can get two or three months from a filter.  When these go on sale, they are a good deal compared to the home supply stores. The price of these filters has risen steadily over the last decade--it seems every time we went to the big box store, they were another couple of dollars more. And 3M keeps adding new filters, changing the name and the color of the label, so it's confusing which is the one you want. A friend suggested putting the model and size for your furnace on your cell phone as a note. That works well.  Buying six at a time not only saves money, but it helps you change the filter regularly, which you ought to, especially if you suffer from allergies. We always noticed a huge difference when there is a new filter installed. We put a note on the last filter in the box, writing on it with a Sharpie pen, time to order more.
3716 This book gives some insight into the mind of the designer.  The idea of involving the senses, first in how to consider what to design (a glass, a rug, a car) to how the senses are involved by the design is a considerable part of this abundantly-illustrated book.  A lot of the book is devoted to Japanese modern design, which, if you have ever looked at the stunning graphic ads on Tokyo subways, will astonish you with its beauty and sometimes sideways way of looking at the world. Much is covered about how to stop the eye and make the brain see something old in a new way.  It's very hard to cover all that is in this book, but my impression is that if you are involved in any kind of design, this might be a book to stimulate the creative process and get you thinking when a new project is on your drawing board. Beautiful, pictorial and thoughtful book. It's hard to be more specific, but if you are in design, you will probably find huge ideas and new ways to look at the world.
3717 I use this for soup making, baking and other tasks where it's inconvenient to refill a one or two cup measure. It is not accurate at the one cup level (it's really hard to calibrate the bottom of the pitcher and if you aren't level with the one cup line, you can be way off.)  I did break one of these once, quite a surprise, by putting it on a very cold counter after filling it with a hot liquid. You can't put this on the stove, heated up then in the cold sink, you get the picture. This isn't laboratory-ware tempered glass. You can microwave it, and you can put it in the oven (for example, to melt butter or chocolate if you don't have a microwave.)  Along with a one- and two-cup measure, I find this one of the most versatile pieces of baking ware.
3718 This is not a book for beginners in Spanish. Rather, it's for someone who has achieved good fluency (not me!) and wants to take their Spanish to the next level, where you're not making gaffes and other boo-boos in verb choice or idioms. There is a valuable chapter on which verb to use (such as saber) and of course, a chapter on curses and idioms. I'm not yet at the level in Spanish where I can even converse fluently, but when or if I get there, this will be helpful to refine my grammar and vocabulary.
3719 If you have a favorite pattern that you do over and over, this book can help. I have two or three baby sweaters I love to make as gifts, and I customize them with appliques, and other ideas from Nicky Epstein's wonderful embellishments.  For example, I made the Cottage Creations Babies and Bears Sweater yet again, this time in a beige wool, and put an applique faux pocket with embroidered initials on it, a contrast red and loden edging and I had a lovely Bavarian style sweater for a co-worker's new son.  I also adore the section on what to do with I-cord. If your kids like to knit this by the yard, here's ideas to use the cord. For example, you can make stunning Celtic-style knotwork by applying the cord to a plain knitted ground on a pillow or afghan, or even the pockets or front of a plain pullover. (If you are just learning to knit and doing plain raglan sweaters, and can do I-cord, you can make some things that will make you look as if you are a master knitter.)  This book is also fun just to browse. Don't be without it!
3720 I really have grown to dislike panty hose but they are sadly a necessary evil for women when dressing up in business or party clothes. What do I hate? Well, for one thing, I am super tall and my legs are disproportionately long even for my height, and I am not wide in the legs, so hose designed for big gals can either be too short and wide or slop at the ankles. Also, the trend to unreinforced toes means that my extra long feet poke through the toe in one wearing. (Many European brands have sized for longer feet, not so in the US. I had pairs of Falke stockings from Germany that never ran into ladders in TEN years of wearing them! I am not kidding. I am lucky to get one wearing from American hose and this is another reason to hate them.)  However, these Hanes fit reasonably well, though still short for my size-eleven feet and they look great. The knit really looks like silk and there are a number of attractive colors that don't start and stop with black or artificial suntan-orange only. The control top helps the muffiny bits on top but if you need "Spanx" (which are what replaced the evilly bad girdle of the olden days) --the top is probably not quite sufficient to smooth you out around the waist. I got some excellent wear out of these until my toe finally did poke a hole in the foot. I'd buy them again. Maybe someday, with women's foot sizes becoming larger than the old average six or seven, they will make longer feet in hose. One can only hope.
3721 This little light fits in the palm of your hand. But it does a lot of different tasks.  1. Works as a handlight. Low, med and high settings. 2. Strobe 3. S-O-S (three short blinks, pause, three long blinks, pause, three short blinks corresponding to the dot-dash Morse Code.) 4. USB charger: an in-out port lets you recharge the Li battery or use its charge to charge another device. Various connectors are included to fit what you might be charging (phone, I-pod) 5. "Wrap-around" battery indicator for low charge, charging and fully charged. 6. Wrist strap (wrist watch type.)  Good points:  1. Bright, LED light 2. Multiple functions--warning strobe, rescue SOS, bright or dim settings. 3. Very small format. 4. Optional wrist strap (and the back clip looks as if it could fit over a visor.) 5. Option to recharge a phone from the unit.  Bad points  1. Battery is not replaceable. At this price point, a bit hard to accept. 2. Price. While very functional and a good emergency tool, seems a bit high in my opinion.  Summary: excellent emergency light with SOS setting that takes up little space. Multiple functions. Item supplied in exchange for evaluation and review.
3722 These patterns are traveling or twisted stitch, rather like Austrian and Bavarian knitting stitches, but with that refinement that is Japanese knitting; hard to define but a bit crisper and more graphic, might be a good way to put it.  The photography of the samples is clear and the light yarns used show these pattern textures to really good advantage. There are examples of widening patterns, starting narrow and growing broader to make a fan shape--can be used for little girl skirts and other garments. A few garment examples (like fingerless mitts.) You also get a section of defining the symbols that make up Japanese knitting code--so if you like Japanese knit books but don't read Japanese, you can figure out some of their patterns using this symbols.  A hat example shows just what you can do with this kind of knitting--also very good for socks and hiking stockings.  Lovely book.
3723 Imagine leaving your native land, then coming to a new land with your family. It is like death, then rebirth. Kifle Bantayehu was born in the US of Ethiopian parents. He documents the story of his family in a cycle of poems that will resonate with most people. These are not "art" poems: this is a saga, a legend in the oral tradition, told as we all tell our children and grandchildren the stories of our family's history and struggles. I think many people will feel some kinship with Bantayehu's simple but effective verses.  "I am reborn to tell this tale Of a man, a family, a dream, from this bed of veil;"
3724 This red "hematite red" has a metallic gold sheen and is in honor of the 1670 Herbin anniversary. However, some bottles (mine) don't have a lot of the metallic sheen and you have to stir it up well from the bottom of the bottle to get it to show--and even then, there is not much. It turns out there are three formulations: the original (lots of gold), the second revision that strove to avoid pen clogs, and the third, the happy medium. What I received is apparently the second revision with little sheen. As time goes on,you'll probably receive the third edition, but if this concerns you, buy your ink from a very high volume pen and ink dealer to assure you are getting the latest Herbin 1670.  Less gold sheen may be a blessing in disguise, as the ink instructions warn you NOT to leave this in your pen and I would not put this into a very fine fountain pen for fear of clogging and other problems due to the metal flakes.  The bottle is a beautiful crystal flask, with sealing wax cap and a gold seal and ribbon on the front impressed with "1670." You can always trust Herbin to make a gorgeous ink bottle--even their every day inks with the pen rest have that "je ne sais quoi pas."  The red is cross between scarlet and blood red and if you are lucky--you'll see a gold overlay. Very nice for calligraphy, and the bottle is beautiful on the desk.
3725 Susan Harrow writes a complete how-to for any woman (or man) to set up and run their own PR campaign. The chapters include:  1. Achieve your Goals and Dreams with Publicity  2. Begin a Publicity Campaign  3. Write Your Press Materials  4. Create a Campaign that Suits your Style  5. Prepare Yourself Verbally and Psychologically for Media Attention  6. Create a Clear Message  7. Keep and Sustain Media Interest  8. Integrate Publicity into Your Life  As you can see from the chapter titles, this is a very complete map for anyone embarking on a publicity campaign. Tidbits abound: my favorite--how to interrupt the interrupting interviewer (priceless.) Also related, how to deal with a raging bully. (use strong "you" statements like "You need to understand that...")  I can't think of any book I've seen that is more complete and easy to read for someone entering public life. While this is pitched to women, men could benefit equally. A real winner.
3726 If you are a professional or business owner who has an online presence (website, blog, domain, homepage) then you need to know how to navigate the legal mare's nest of trademarks, name infringements, copyright, domain names, registrations, privacy and more.  The internet has added many new "wrinkles" to standard name-rights law. The small business especially needs to be aware of these aspects when started out online.  You could be sued for infringing on a trademark or trade name, or you might be the victim of cyber bullying and other underhanded actions, perhaps by competitors. You might also do something that could be considered in bad faith or otherwise illegal and set yourself up for a civil suit or even criminal case.  This book goes over many of the aspects of online presence and the legal ramifications. While it is in NO WAY a substitute for proper registration of domain names and trademarks with competent legal advice, it is a good guidepost and starting point to learn what you probably don't know about these issues.  I strongly recommend this book for anyone starting business, or doing business in any way on the web, especially if you don't have in-house legal counsel or current counsel on retainer to handle these issues. I'll bet you'll find something to ask your attorney after you read this.
3727 Whether or not you desire to divorce, if you are facing this situation in your fifties, there are many consequences, legal, financial and personal that you will want to consider as you work with your legal counsel. Everyone's situation is unique, and your attorney may be working on billable hours, meaning you should have your information, special requirements and questions in order before you go in for a meeting. In the confusion of the personal trauma (and whether or not you want a divorce, and have initiated it, there is trauma) you can forget what you need to know or to ask. This book is a valuable guide and if you are in divorce or considering it, I would strongly advise reading this excellent book. It is NOT a substitute for legal counsel but it is a valuable resource.
3728 These beads are nice and smooth for knitting. The "Sandstone" color is a bit yellower and slightly darker than the photo. They are almost identical to the "Topaz" color but pinker.
3729 I had two versions of the famous "beer can chicken" roaster; a ceramic cone and this more elaborate unit. The ceramic cone transferred the heat inside the chicken and cooked it well. This metal version does that also, but allows you to put beer, wine or other liquids and herbs, lemons, garlic in the infuser. That will flavor your chicken; when you cut into the roasted bird, you will smell the aroma of your herbal mixture.  The unit is put together with two hoops that insert into the steel base. The base serves to catch the drippings, but it's narrow, so I put the entire unit inside a turkey roaster pan to catch more drippings that could spill in the oven; also it makes taking it out of the oven simple. If you don't do this, it's kind of hard to take it out at the end of roasting, when it's full of juices. It's also more troublesome to clean up than a ceramic roaster; you have to soak the metal bits to remove baked on juices and meat. However, the result, especially with a good, fresh, organic chicken is nothing short of miraculous. The leg meat in particular stays very moist as the juice drips down into it as it roasts. The skin crisps up all around. I think this is some of the best roast chicken I've ever made.
3730 Back to Eden is a classic whole-foods, natural health book that was written in 1939. Jethro Kloss ran santitaria (we'd probably call them spas or detox centers today) in Wisconsin and Minnesota. He lectured, wrote and founded a whole-foods manufacturing company in Tennessee. If you read Back to Eden, you'll see that Jethro Kloss was way ahead of his time. He advocated a diet high in fruits, vegetables and grains and with minimal meat, caffeine, fat and sugars. Some of his treatments will seem dated (fomentations or hot packs) but some are still in use in holistic healing centers around the world today.  He also recommended living a spiritually healthy life, realizing again that health comes from a totally integrated lifestyle, where body, mind and spirit are in harmony. This is a great book to have if you like reading Dr. Weil, Deepak Chopra or other current popular health authors. It gives perspective into health ideas that have stood the test of time. The home remedies are helpful, too. This is still a great reference for home health and has many good recipes for salads, soups and breads.
3731 The content of this book is highly technical and will explain a lot about performance of cameras under low light conditions--and how to compensate with exposure and post-photo editing. But the organization of the book and the charts are not useful.  The book is organized into three sections: Low light, Handheld and Locked Down. Under each section is more info, but this organization made using the table of contents (important with Kindle format) difficult to navigate. Furthermore, the useful charts (one in particular on lighting situations and EV or exposure value) was too small to read and was not able to be zoomed in, a constant problem I have with some print-to-Kindle editions of books.  When I get a Kindle book that has charts I need, and they are not readable, I return the book right away. That's what I did here. This may be well-written, and it certainly has information including very technical data on how to photograph effectively in low light, and it would help you understand your digital camera's performance (ISO settings, noise, color temperature) but it's just too inconvenient in this Kindle edition. I returned it to look for something more usable in Kindle. If you like this book, get it in print. It's also highly technical, so if you're more of an amateur, as I am, this is more than you may need.
3732 I've tried other flour and regretted it. When I make homemade white bread, this is the flour I use. The bread texture has a great crumb, the dough works up easily when kneaded and the flavor is excellent.  My recipe is a standard white bread (probably James Beard's, though I've used it for so many years, I am not sure anymore.) I have tried it with Occidental Flour, Gold Medal and the grocery store brand and there is no comparison. I have also used&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/King-Arthur-100-Organic-All-Purpose-Flour-32-oz/dp/B0046IGQD2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">King Arthur 100% Organic All Purpose Flour, 32 oz</a>&nbsp;with good results. The flavor seems to be somewhat different than other flour--a bit more rich in taste.  The recipe is fairly simple:  2 cups warm water (110 degrees F) 1/4 cup melted butter 1 Tbs sugar 2 tsp salt 1 Tbs Red Star yeast 6 cups (approx.) King Arthur Bread Flour  Blend the water, melted butter, sugar, salt in a bowl. Sprinkle on the yeast and mix in. Slowly add flour and beat in, adding flour until ball pulls away from the sides of the bowl. I use a KitchenAid mixer, but you can do it by hand. Knead until the bread dough has the consistency of an earlobe. Let rise until doubled. Punch down, form two loaves and let rise in loaf pans, covered, until the bread just reaches the top of the pan. Bake 375 for 35-40 min or until internal temperature reads 200-205 degrees (I use an instant read probe thermometer, sticking it in the end of the loaf.) Let cool on rack, cool completely before slicing.
3733 This cd has four tracks: two are basic guided meditation and two are the same music, with no voice guidance.  David Harshada Wagner has a calm, pleasant voice. THe first meditation is breathing. Wagner guides you to breathe and focus your thoughts. The India flue (basuri) is used throughout and also to wake you to more attentiveness with a gentle but more vigorous phrase at the end of the first part.  The second meditation is more breathing, this time into a huge space imagined inside yourself.  The third band is more basuri flue and the final, 30 minute band is the tamboura, a stringed instrument with drone monotones that is very restful. The tamboura plays three notes then stays on the final note for a second phrase.  If you don't want to meditate, track 3 and 4 are fine for relaxation (I put it on for background if I am doing some paperwork) or for dropping off to sleep. This is a very pleasant, simple and quiet cd that you can use a number of ways, and a good introduction to simple meditation to calm yourself. Pure and simple and very pleasant. Recommended.
3734 Mr. Fox has done a good job of researching facts, figures and trends that support his contention that American values are in a decline, and that there are concrete things we can do as a society to reverse that trend. Unfortunately, Mr. Fox didn't appear to have the benefit of a good editor to craft this work into a fine book. This is a shame, because the author worked very hard to research his points, and he documents them all with many references and notes. Fox culls data from famous psychology experiments, compares crime rates during the Depression to our times versus the relative amount of poverty, the increase in illegitimacy, the acceptance of illiteracy as a product of public schools. He comments on the anti-intellectual thuggery that inner city students experience, the strong approval of voucher systems by inner city parents who can get them, and many more factors that contribute or illustrate the decline. Fox comes up with the not-earthshaking conclusion that boys need their dads, kids need good schools and that poverty alone does not generate criminals. Nothing you haven't heard on Dr. Laura or from Larry Elder, but it is supported here by a lot of data. His arguments would have had more impact in this book with better editing. This book is valuable, however, as a resource because of its extensive notes. It would be a good reference book for anyone writing essays on the subject of American values.
3735 Most sewing machines these days only come with a few accessory feet. And most zippers are the invisible kind, if you go to the sewing store--that's what you'll find. Plus, invisible zippers look so wonderful when sewn in--they become part of the seam. However, if you struggle with sewing them, the invisible zipper foot is what you need. The foot snaps onto the shank, and it rides over the center part of the invisible zipper, allowing you to sew close to the nylon coils. That's the key--riding over the raised coils so the stitching is right on the tape in the correct position. This is a must-have for any home sewing you do with zippers.
3736 I've knitted for years. But I found this book really useful for the following reasons: 1. The sweater "sampler" is a fun project to learn decreases, increases, the effect of types of ribbings on shape, how to do edgings and more--all in one handy reference project. When it's finished, it looks like a fish that mated with a windsock but that makes it fun to mystify your friends. Hang it proudly where people can see and exclaim over it. 2. You can knit any sweater you like--cardigan, pullover, raglan, using a percentage system that Jackie Fee explains (based on the original by Eliz. Zimmermann.) 3. You can knit anything in any yarn in any gauge and size you want. So this is a great thing for designers and those who spin their own yarns. I can't think of anyone who knits who wouldn't benefit from this book. It should be a "must" in your knitting library. I hoarded my copy and was really glad to see this back in print because now I can share it with my friends who want to learn. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
3737 I chose the black crystal baguette style bag. It's done in clear rhinestones on a black backing, so it has a look of hematite. I like the different colors--normally I carry a silver evening bag but the gold here looked like one of the prettiest. But I chose the black one and I REALLY like it. It's just what I need for an evening gown for next month's event is navy and cream with a hematite crystal ornamented belt. This would go with a black dress--the dark background really  makes the crystals shine by contrast.  The baguette shape is my favorite--like a teardrop cross section. And inside, you'll find a long silver-colored chain, for over the shoulder carry, a shorter chain for a handle, or you can go with it as a clutch, which is what I intend to do. The top clasp is very firm and takes some pushing to open the bag. It's also large enough for some lipstick, a small mirror and comb, your phone (maybe, if it isn't one of those big ones in a huge case) and a ticket or paper program. And a 20 buck bill in case you need to escape in a taxi. Item supplied in exchange for evaluation and review.
3738 Circulon does wear out--though at first, you can't beat this pan for toughness and non-stick. However, the teflon doesn't seem to stick to the top of the ridges well and eventually, I had to toss mine out. This heavy pan is perfect for omelets. At the price, it can be replaced if the non-stick wears out.
3739 This is a common device in Europe--boiled eggs are a staple in Germany and the egg cooker delivers a reliable result without the trouble of standing over a boiling pot, calculating when the water boiled, how many eggs are in the pot, looking at a sandglass and using a sextant and barometer (ok, I exaggerate. You don't really need the sextant and barometer to make a proper soft-boiled egg.) The Salton cooker has a nice egg rack that lifts out when the eggs are done. You can take the boiled eggs to the sink to cool them in water (halts the cooking, keeps you from burning your fingers.) The settings, however, are different than European. Soft is medium-soft (white done, yolk liquid) medium is a medium hard yolk, and hard is the harboildegg for picnics and salads. (Some European models have a soft setting that is a very liquid egg such as you'd use in Caesar salad dressing. This model does not have that setting.) This cooker will handle up to six eggs and comes with a water measure that has a piercing spike on the bottom in an egg-shaped depression. The egg fits in there for piercing the shell lightly, which is supposed to keep the shell from cracking uncontrollably during cooking. Warning: the top gets VERY hot during use, so lift it off by the small end over the handle ONLY. There is an alarm to alert you when it's done, and an on-off-warm switch. All in all, a great device--well designed, compact and useful.
3740 This relatively short book focuses on the idea that companies who don't capitalize on the unique features of their product or service, and who don't evolve into a unique identity will end up in the fossil layers of business failure. A list of brands that have bit the evolutionary dust: American Motors, Burger Chef, Eastern Airlines, Gainesburgers, Hathaway Shirts and Woolworth's tells the tale. In contrast, Nokia, Popeye's Chicken, Bose and Walmart are successfully evolving and creating the differentitation that keeps their customers and grows their business. There is a Hall of Shame of CEO's who failed to understand this principle, and the important fact that the CEO must be involved in understanding and spearheading differentiation. But most of the examples in this book are plenty familiar to readers of "In Search of Excellence."  This is an enjoyably written book, but at most it makes one point: create your unique quality and stay ahead of the wave.
3741 There's a lot of good advice in here (not to say, you didn't already know much of it.) For example, tooth whitening helps de-age you. Yes, it does. And advice not to waste money on anything that stays on your teeth less than fifteen minutes but...excessive treatments can also damage.  The advice on nail length and color is well formulated. A lot of women are going to toss this book right across the room at the first paragraph telling you that "nail art" is right out. That's right, decals, painted bunnies and flowers, flags for Memorial Day and cunning little skulls-and-crossbones for Halloween or Talk-Like-A-Pirate Day? Don't do it. Unless you are, like, fourteen. I think it's good advice along with keeping nails shorter and natural.  The book goes by chapters (hair style, hair color, nails, shoes, stockings, etc) each with advice to wear certain things and avoid others. Some advice is weird: fishnet stockings? Really?  Overall, there is good advice here, but like any advice, you have to take it with a grain of salt. If you are in the public eye, you may take this to heart more than someone who creates their own style with no worries.
3742 This is a small book that packs a lot of knitting punch. The Knitting Almanac is very useful for many types of projects. The book is arranged by season as Elizabeth knits her way through the year, making warm things for her entire family. There's some fun commentary, too. Let me list some of the most useful patterns in this book: Best baby sweater. This is a lacy cardigan with a round yoke, easy to make, and so pretty. I made so many of these I can't even count. The lace stretches a bit, so the growing infant gets a lot of wear out of the cardigan. And it's easier to dress Baby with something that doesn't pull over the head. Leggings. If you want to make warm tights for babies, kids or even adults. It's HARD to find such a pattern. "PI" shawl: this is a round shawl that folds into a semi-circle. Very elegant, you can add your own lace stitches to make it unique. Shirt Collar sweater--good for summer, short sleeved with an open collar. Can be made in any size. Mittens, socks, an Aran sweater, there's more. This book, packed as it is, still fits into even a small knitting bag or purse and is not expensive. This has to be the biggest bang for the knitting buck I know of. I'm on my second copy. I wore out the first one.
3743 Shawls are very "in" right now, and nothing is more stunning than a lacy shawl in a great color. Martha Waterman's book is very unique in that it has a little something for every knitter; if you are new to lace knitting, there are some not-very-difficult but really nice-looking shawl patterns. Some are written out row by row if you don't like charts (I do like charts--the symbols are quicker to read for me, but some people do not prefer them.) If you are an experienced knitter, this book is like a toolbox with various shawl shapes (round, half-circle, square, triangle, oblong) and stitch patterns in a small but useful lace library. You can combine the stitches and shapes and make your own creations. So you won't outgrow this book. If you like to follow patterns, the Kerry Blue Shawl is just terrific. It is a square shawl with various lace stitches, and is knit from the center outwards, with four diagonal "rays" at the corners. This is actually a very easy shawl but looks like an heirloom. It would work as a baby christening wrap also. The Kerry Blue Shawl is written out row by row, for those who eschew charts. Because lace knitting doesn't need to "fit" you can use all kinds of yarns of various weights.  Find a yarn, test out how the stitch looks, and "guestimate" the yards you will need by comparing the yardage and gauge used in the pattern. If you run low, you can make the shawl a bit smaller. I have quite a few lace knitting books, but I actually use this one the most.  I just love this book!
3744 Some of HEPA filter units put the carbon behind the HEPA filter, and some put it in front. The Vornado has the carbon as a pre-filter, saving the expensive HEPA portion for particulates. I find I change the carbon filter rather often, and so a four-pack for me is a sensible idea. I absolutely notice when the carbon has loaded with whatever muck is in the air. Then it's time to install a new one, which is not terribly difficult. I'd rather not have the HEPA filter pick up volatile components from the air, so I'd say this pre-filter works very well.
3745 This book may not be gorgeous, but it goes into excellent detail about the structure of tree branches, shapes, buds, fruits and leaves. Everything from the shape of branches in a windswept oak to the way the leaves and flowers are structured is covered for flowering leaf trees. Conifers are not covered. The composition of groups of trees as well as examples from artwork are here. The plates are rather hazy and old, as befits this classic work, but it still is a standard for European trees.
3746 This is a very enjoyable novel with memorable characters. Set in India, England, and Guyana, the story centers around an orphan and his adopted father, the mystically endowed daughter of a cook, an Indian family in Guyana and an English family in India at the end of the British reign. The characters all have a bit of India mythology associated with them. Each has something magical or mysterious. Each takes on a different guise or identity from time to time, like the multiple personalities of the Hindu gods and goddesses. On top of all this lies a very well-told tale of love lost and found, with some nice surprises right up to the end. My only criticism of the book is that from time to time in the book, Hindi words are used that most people may not be readily familiar with. While some of the words are common ones, others could have been replaced by the English equivalent with no loss to the atmosphere they provide. There is a glossary in the back of the book, however, so this is a minor issue. I give it five stars because I am going to re-read it right away!
3747 If you aim to sell your writing for the first time, you should know what editors want to see. Otherwise, you will (if you are lucky) get a rejection letter. Why lucky? Because these days, you might not even get the courtesy of a rejection letter. To save disappointment and to learn about the writer's market, you can't go wrong here. The book lists thousands of magazines, agents, book publishers, contests, email addresses and websites (which is why 2002 is useful if you have an older edition--web stuff is outdated quickly.) But even better is the section on getting published for the first-time author (with all kinds of help on formatting manuscripts, cover letters and book proposals.) There are interviews with bestselling authors, and also a useful bit on e-publishing. If you want to see your stuff in print, this book is a wise investment.
3748 This works very well. The "best" way I know to sharpen a knife is using a diamond stone and a steel. You hone the edge on the stone at the proper angle, dragging it down in a "J" shape (to get to the tip) and then you turn it over, and repeat. Then you feel for the curl on the edge (the very sharp edge curls in one direction or the other and the grain of your thumb can tell which way.) On the side where the roll has an edge, you stroke the steel a few times to set the edge upright. Then you test it on some typing paper. If it slices evenly without chattering through the paper, it's properly sharp.  If you want a QUICK way to sharpen a knife, however, this does fine. You stroke five or so times on the coarse side, two sharpening surfaces inside a "v" shape on the left, then on the ceramic stones on the right. The knife is noticeably sharper. It's not as great an edge as using a stone but it's sharp and it will make chopping and slicing a lot easier. And it's very quick.
3749 This is an earlier book by British artist Alwyn Crawshaw. Mr. Crawshaw has the ability to take complex subjects and simplify them. In the case of boats and harbors, he shows how to do barges, boats, harbor details and water. Both watercolor and acrylic techniques are covered, though not in detail. As ever, Mr. Crawshaw is not a colorist--he is, rather, better at value and shape and perspective, as well as composition. If you want to learn what to see--what to draw, when you are painting a marine scene, this is a somewhat useful reference, but it's not one of Crawshaw's best books. As his career as a teacher and author progressed, his books improved greatly.  This one is probably best if you are already a Crawshaw fan.
3750 I love these Narada sampler albums of New Age and World music because I discover so many new and interesting artists. "World 2002" a compilation of World music is no exception. I discovered several artists whose work I would have had trouble finding if these samplers didn't present them. This album goes all over the globe, every continent except Australia (which is too bad, as they have some great World artists.) In particular, the first cut on CD #1 by Mariza is a fine introduction to Fado, the traditional singing of Portugal. This was my first exposure to Fado, and I will be back for more, probably from Mariza's "Fado em Mim" album, that's for sure. I also really liked the cut "Hulum" by Amal Murkus, a Palestinian singer. Sainkho Namtchylak, from the Tuva in Central Asia sings alluringly, with examples of what sounds like overtone singing here and there in "Dance of the Eagles." It's mysterious and exotic, but entirely listenable. It's one of my favorites on the set. One disappointment; I did not think the cut by the well-known Ladysmith Black Mambazo was particularly good. I like this group (made famous by Paul Simon on his "Graceland" album) but this cut did not do them justice. I found it somewhat flat and fragmented. All in all, if you want an intro to World Music or a good sampler collection, this is an excellent 2-CD set. I can't wait to hear next year's collection.
3751 I could NOT put this one down from page one. "Woman on the Edge of Time" is a heartrending novel, written with exceptional skill by Marge Piercy, a celebrated American author who wrote this so-called utopian novel and was a major literary figure in the 70's. In this novel, Consuelo (Connie) has an abusive family who imprison her in a mental hospital. She is treated with incredible brutality, her life is discounted to the level of dumpster garbage. But Connie is far from insane--despite the fact she finds out she can time-travel. Connie visits Massapoisset, Massachusetts in the future via a kind of mental holographic sending-receiving abilities of a local resident there, Luciente. Life in the future is idyllic, though not perfect, and Connie develops relationships with people in the Cape Cod village. But life in the mental ward becomes increasingly dangerous. Connie has to make some difficult choices to survive. What I like best about this novel, in addition to the style which is nearly perfect, is that there are levels to the story. If you look at the events in one light, you could come to an entirely different conclusion about Connie's sanity. I absolutely recommend you read this book--and I am putting it on my "100 best American Novels" list. If you like Margaret Atwood ("Handmaid's Tale) you be likely enjoy "Woman on the Edge of Time." HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
3752 Look at your cat; the head way down, trying to eat. The neck is pinching the esophagus. The Cat Buffet lets Kitty eat with her head at a better angle. And you can sweep up the crumbs more easily. This is a winner.
3753 There are debates if the heating element of a dehydrator should be on the top of the unit or underneath. (Heat rises, but fans blow down...hmm.)  Whatever the physics of it, the Nesco is reasonably priced, made of slightly flexible plastic that is not prone to breaking easily and makes fine dried fruits. We've tried dried apples, dried crackers of a tomato-onion-flax base and all came out wonderfully well. While there are more advanced dehydrators, this one is priced well and will make your jerky, fruit leather, preserved produce and other dried foods just fine. Recommend you get teflon sheets for making jerky--they are not included with the unit and you need donut-shaped ones. The sheets allow you to pour liquid batter onto the dehydrator and get leathers, jerkies and my favorite, dried flax crackers. I personally think they should come with the unit as it is a special shape and the sheets are an important feature, so I dinged the unit a star. Also the SAME star is dinged because the unit is loud. LOUD. LLLLLOOOOOOUUUUUUUUD. Did I say LOUD? Yes. Run it in the cellar, on the sunporch, in a distant bedroom. OR the garage. Because it is loud.
3754 If you like New Flamenco (or Nouveau Flamenco, as it's also called) this is a good CD to have in your collection. But the title "Gypsy Fire" ought to really be "Gypsy Embers" as many of the pieces are more contemplative than rousing. Not a bad thing in a guitar CD, but this is definitely not hot dance music. My favorite cuts were the last two, "Tormenta de Fuego" by Ruben Romero and Lydia Torea, and "Moonlight Dance" by James Bobchak. These aren't sampled here, but the samples provided do give a good idea of the more mellow tone of this CD. What's also nice is the selection of artists, from Oscar Lopez, to Ottmar Liebert, Miguel de la Bastide from Canada, and of course Jesse Cook, whom I think is my favorite, though really it's hard to choose. If you like New Flamenco, you will probably enjoy this CD sampler.
3755 This collar and remote signal set can train one or two dogs (add a collar to train Dog #2.) HOWEVER....it CANNOT be used on puppies. So you must wait until your doggie is at least six months old to employ this trainer. That limits its use in a way, as puppies need training day one, but you'll just have to use other methods (we use the tether method; the doggy is near or with me when at home, and areas of the house are blocked from access.)  Why wait until six months? Puppy skin is tender, therefore baths have to use gentle shampoo, clipping is out and likewise, this collar is too much for the puppy. You can deliver either a static tingle (shock) or a tone or both. If the dog is energetic and refractory, a tone plus shock is probably the way to go, but some people object to any form of pain in training, therefore, the tone is available alone to reprove the dog's behavior.  Part of dog training is to signal your displeasure IMMEDIATELY when the behavior is happening (tearing into shoes, chewing on the cat box contents or barking for no good reason) so this is helpful to let the dog connect what he's doing with what you desire or do not desire. It's no good reproving the pooch after a few seconds--the dog has no way to connect what he was doing with your opinion of it. Hence, this is very useful.  This is especially helpful for 2 year old dogs, who go through "teenage adolescence" at that time and can suddenly be unruly. Just don't use it on a puppy.
3756 This book is long on fancy stitching for French style imitation handsewn techniques and short on technical info on the Elna. While it has some good stuff for inserting entredeux and other French sewing techniques, it isn't what I was expecting. If you are looking for a detailed handbook on use and maintenance of Elna model sewing machines, look elsewhere.
3757 J. Herbin makes excellent fountain pen inks and they have a good range of colors. There are quite a few greens. This green is a true, deep green, almost in the middle of the yellow-blue scale. It might tend a bit more to the blue, but not much. It's similar to "phthalo green" if you do watercolor, or a true emerald. It is fairly deep and saturated, not faint.  If you want a less intensely green ink, Herbin makes "Empire Green" which is slightly blackened and fainter, less intense. There are also yellow greens (Vert Pr&eacute; or "spring green" --the color of new leaves) and an olive green. As a writing ink, I think this green or Empire Green are excellent.  The bottle is the usual Herbin style flask with the pen rest on the top.
3758 I got a trial by fire, or rather, immersion, in this software. I got a copy at work and had to immediately set up a project. Oh, the pain, the pain. This software has just about everything you could ever need to set up a project, including GANTT charts, PERT charts and schedules. Project set-up parameters such as identifing objectives, scope, stakeholders, costs, resources, risks, etc. are available. What this software won't teach you is how to use MS Project 2002 to fullest advantage. For that, there are text books, courses, computer-based trainings. If you intend to reap the full benefits of this powerful package, you need some kind of intensive tutorial. The good news is that there is so much power here that you will be likely to grow into the software and find more and more things you can do with it. But the beginning can be rough going. In summary, a lot of software power for the money, but to fully use that power, you'll need some kind of guide or course.
3759 This candle is a very true gardenia scent. It's packaged in an elegant ivory and black heavy box with a ribbon, which make it quite a nice gift. The candle is in a clear glass votive and burns clean. It's made of soy wax, which does not emit soot. It's a very elegant candle and fills the room and makes it smell like an exotic hothouse.
3760 The analysis section of Morgenstern's book stuck with me and it's why I like this book; why aren't you organized? Space issues? Perfectionist-fear-of-failure? Or is your system too organized and is it just impossible to maintain? After you go through this part of the book, the rest is common sense, but it does provide A PLAN, and a plan is key to getting anything done. The plan is more or less: 1. Sort 2. Purge 3. Assign a home 4. Containerize 5. Equalize Many other organization books have exactly the same steps. But the difference here is in knowing what failed you before you start out, and the idea of finding things you might need (an extra clothes rod in your closet, crates for files you aren't using but want to store, etc) before you embark on the clean-up. If you have a really hard time divesting yourself of "stuff", you might need another book on how to get out of the clutter habit, but this one is a good start.
3761 My old pan-de-mie pan or "Pullman Pan" is a double loaf pan and I've had it for decades. But I prefer a smaller loaf of bread. This loaf pan is nonstick coated and fits a single loaf recipe. I oiled it a bit after washing the first time, but the oil hardly clung to the pan. I baked a loaf of oatmeal bread, baking first for 20 minutes with the lid closed and then opening it for the remainder of the baking time. There was enough oven spring in my bread (risen about an inch from the top of the pan) to allow it to rise completely to the top and make a square flat top. This not only makes even sandwich squares (especially if you like tea sandwiches from homemade white bread) but the lid also creates the "mie" or crumb, for which pan de mie is known--that is, a tight, fine crumb that holds together because of the slight compression during baking preventing large air holes from forming in the bread as it bakes.  I use an oatmeal bread recipe from King Arthur that recommends this pan size and it was absolutely perfect. There are also recipes for pan de mie in Julia Child's cookbook and many other places. It's basically sandwich bread, but homemade is so much more delicious. And I know what's in my bread: King Arthur flour, oatmeal, honey, butter, salt, water and yeast. AND NOTHING else.
3762 Years ago, I worked in a library, and we would re-bind paperbacks with a hessian cloth tape, and often cover books in a special contact paper. I haven't seen the paper in years, but regular clear contact paper works well, and this Scotch Book Tape protects the spine from disintegration.  Music books are getting increasingly hard to find for certain composers; I have one book that dates back to 1918 and was a gift from my piano teacher and I think it was a gift from his. It's old. It's crumbling but this tape helps repair the spine. The same goes for my Beethoven sonatas. I've had them fifty years. Why not get a new copy? Because my fingering notes and other notes on dynamics and interpretation are written on my copy. So I keep repairing these old books. In particular, music books are prone to wear; you open then a lot, you carry them around (if playing in ensemble) and I find the older matte covers on Schirmer Editions don't hold up well (they are now bound in glossy covers that seem to last longer, although they fade badly. My Peters Editions also wear badly. The only music books that seem to hold up are the German Henle editions of Bach.)  This tape is very good for any book that is somewhat ephemeral that you want to keep.
3763 This is one outstanding watercolor book. Not only are the paintings mouthwateringly beautiful, but the author describes her technique in simple and well-thought-out ways.  The basics for Abgott's way of making luminous watercolors is to float pure water into shapes and allow the highlights to be created by natural diffusion of colors. Rather than rely soley on masking fluid, the artist takes care to create natural-looking highlights when the edges are soft by using this water technique. Many instructors will tell you that edges are very important in watercolor compositions: one should aim to use both soft and hard edges, and make sure some edges be "lost" or merged into objects that are adjacent in the painting. The diffused method here assures you that some of your edges will be softer than others and you will see a much more natural light in your paintings.  In addition, Abgott mixes the paints directly on the paper or at a minimum. This is a technique used by a number of current watercolorists to make sure the colors are fresh and bright and do not create "mud" on the paper. She demonstrates brush movements to make sure you blend and mix and swirl colors to give almost irridescent, mother-of-pearl effects.  Abgott's own style is eye-teasing and in some cases almost like an optical illusion--the painting on the cover is of peppers arranged in a painted bowl that is also decorated with peppers and an almost-op-art design. This keeps the eye roving over the page in complete fascination.  You can learn a lot from this book whether an experienced watercolorist or a beginner. A very enjoyable book to look at and one that can take your paintings to new levels. Highly recommended.
3764 This is one of those books that are kindly termed "beach reads" or what you throw into your purse for a long plane trip, knowing it's a "one-way" book that probably won't be coming home with you.  The story revolves around a British divorce lawyer who is scheming to become a "silk" (hence, the title), a fashion designer who is monomaniacally concernedwith getting one of her dresses onto the Red Carpet, and a mistress scheming to become Wife Number Two. All the sort of frothy, glamorous setting like the soapy dramas of the 80's (Dynasty, Dallas, etc.)  Of course, some steamy scenes are included as typical to the genre. Is it a good book? No, but it passes the time on a weary plane trip with delays for weather. Fun, but nothing that sticks with you.
3765 If you happen to move overseas, it can be a great experience. However,when homesickness sets in and you want ribs, this book is a lifesaver. Let's face it, despite our reluctance to admit it, we all love some of the food from American chain restaurants (or why would they have proliferated across the country the way they have?)  And if you want to give an American-style dinner, this book is really fun to have. In addition to the ribs (reason I got the book) there is a terrific cinnabon clone which is a great Sunday brunch item, as are the blinzes. This is not HAUTE Cuisine, but sure is fun.
3766 I have one of these on my counter for dog biscuits. I fill it from a bulk box and it keeps them fresh but accessible when I want to treat the dog. Others are in the pantry for flour (holds a 5 lb bag), raw sugar, and lentils, which are staples for the pantry. I use the larger&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lock-Lock-BPA-Free-Storage-Bin-with-Leak-Proof-Locking-Lid-50-Cup/dp/B00407N0C4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lock & Lock BPA Free Storage Bin with Leak Proof Locking Lid, 50-Cup</a>&nbsp;size for bulk dog biscuits, cat food and rice. However, this bin will not prevent whole wheat flour or brown rice from becoming rancid (a function of exposure of food oils to air and light and heat.) Eventually, foods with a high natural oil content like whole wheat and brown rice develop an off flavor due to this rancidity. Keeping them in the freezer slows this process down, so I don't buy bulk whole wheat or brown rice. If you use them up at a good clip, this won't be a problem.  These bins stack and you can get into the front lid without unstacking. That's handy for saving space on pantry shelves. These really make it neat and tidy, and you can see when your store of staples is running down.
3767 This serrated knife makes great thin slices of homemade bread or artisanal loaves and no other knife I own seems to do as well. This is one of those "buy once, use always" items that does the job. I make my own bread, generally whole grain and it can be a bit dense. This goes through it and never tears up the crumb. I often use this knife on stale loaves to make thin slices for melba toast (brush with olive oil or melted butter and bake at 450 for about 10 minutes, watching to see it doesn't burn on your cookie sheets.) I've owned my for quite some time and it stays nice and sharp.
3768 I have a set of regular chef's knives, but there is ONE application for an electric knife that is unparalleled. That is carving turkey or ham, but especially turkey. The meat of a roasted turkey tends to tear, even with a good slicing knife. The oscillating motion of an electric knife does a great job on hot turkey and speeds the process of getting the sliced meat to the heated serving dish and to the waiting holiday table. I never use it otherwise, but for two holidays a year (Thanksgiving and Christmas) it is indispensible.
3769 Jan Yoors was the son of a Flemish stained glass artist. At a young age he ran away with a troupe of Gypsies (more properly, the Rom) who were camping in his Belgian home town. Yoor's parents amazingly accepted his new double life, as Yoors lived on and off with the Rom for many years. His life with his Rom family is covered in his first book "The Gypsies." (which is another must-read.) "The Gypsies" ends as WWII sweeps over Europe and catches the Rom in its poisoned grasp. Yoors then became an agent of La Resistance, and this book tells, in spare language and deep feeling, what happened to Yoors and his adopted family of Rom. Some of it was so horrific that Yoors can only allude to the events, and his emotions are so deep that we only learn a tiny bit of what must have happened to many of his beloved Rom family. The insight into the deep dedication of the Resistance leaders and fighters is unique. Do read this book. It is so utterly wonderful that I pass copies of it out to many friends.
3770 This julienne peeler makes quick work of a potato, carrot or zucchini. Run it down a vegetable and you have a pile of shreds in short order. They are more like matchsticks than you'd get from a grater, shorter than you might get from a food processor or mandoline. However, this is a cheap and easy trick for making veggie shreds. I like them for salads--it's easier to chew carrot shreds and when you toss them lightly in dressing, they get a really lovely soft-crunchy texture that is very moist and full of flavor. Zucchini shreds and potato shreds saute up quickly in a pan, for a great side vegetable, or for a veggie pancake.  Clean up is pretty simple, hold under running water. Dry carefully; the steel has a tendency to rust. If you get vegetables stuck in the teeth, a handy way to clean this is with a cheap toothbrush, bought specifically for cleaning jobs and which I keep in the drawer next to the sink.  Some warnings; this thing is sharp. Very sharp. So you have to find a way to hold your potato or zucchini so you don't slip and cut a finger. A fork poked into the end of the potato can help. Then you can rotate the fork around as you run the peeler down the sides. A good pair of serrated tongs might also help, or one of those mesh gloves for knife work. I'm sometimes clumsy--so I know I have to watch it with sharp things.
3771 Tycho Brahe, a Danish nobleman, and Johannes Kepler, commoner, crossed paths during one of the times when scientific thought and philosophy was growing by huge leaps--the 17th Century or Age of Reason. Their story is set against the backdrop of the Counter-Reformation and some unsettled times in European history, not to mention the development of major ideas of cosmology. But what's equally interesting are the life and times of these two scientists in the context of 17th Century daily life. Ferguson researches her subject and provides the reader with a story that is a cross between a soap opera and a historical fiction novel. Brahe's castle and observatory were not only architecturally interesting, the life inside the walls was fraught with nasty doings. Brahe, by all reports, had quite the temper. He may have even invented the modern day graduate student-slavey; he kept associates of lower social rank under his thumb for years, paid them a pittance, assigned them menial work, stole their intellectual property and literally imprisoned them in his palace. If you have an interest in astronomy or philosophy or just plain European history from this era, you should read this. I couldn't put it down. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
3772 Lots of silk here, requires you to trim your small piece.  With resin glue, it did mend a broken thumbnail, and made it strong enough to pluck guitar strings, which is why I bought it.  Carry it in your sundries (with glue, maybe in a little box or bag) in case of disaster. You'll need a small pair of scissors, too. If you have a nail disaster before a performance, this may save you.  You might also be able to make reinforced tips for your nails if you tend to break. I'm usually good unless it's winter or unless I'm doing household chores and forget "GLOVES!" Then my middle nail and my thumbnail tend to be the ones at risk for breakage.  Note: this is guitarist-talk so if you are scratching your head and wondering why someone is fussing over split nails, just trim the thing and move on, well, you need nails to play classical and it's a pain when they break.  The silk patch lasted quite a few weeks until I was able to trim the nail and let it grow back naturally.
3773 If you love Asian-style home decor, you can make your own lamps, screens, and much more. Some of the projects require some woodworking skill; my favorite in the book is a screen framed in wood and filled with handmade reed mats. It is very pretty and would suit many types of decor, but you need to be able to do the same techniques as required to build your own picture frame. If you sew, there are a couple of wonderful projects; a sashiko place mat (white quilting on blue indigo dyed cloth),an appliqued noren--which is a cloth door curtain hung on a dowel. The noren has a stunning design of floating carp done in scraps of a vintage silk kimono. but you certainly could use luxurious quilt fabrics. There are also some pillow patterns. One of the best projects is a "water garden" which is really a fountain. With a small electric water pump and the skills to build a wood box, you can make your own indoor fountain and add rocks and plants to suit yourself. There is also a bamboo coffee table base, a cedar wood bath mat tied with rope, a bamboo towel ladder and a simple bamboo soap dish. I give the book 4 out of 5 stars, not because I don't love it, but because you must have woodworking skills to do many of the best projects. Not everyone knows woodworking (when I went to school, girls were banned from wood shop. How times have changed.)
3774 This is a great book for avid sock knitters, worth the price alone for "Judy's Magic Cast On" which is a variant of the two-needle figure 8 cast on but a PROVISIONAL one, meaning, you can release live stitches at the cast on and knit down in a different direction. There are a number of provisional cast on methods, each has their pros and cons --here's a new one and not terribly difficult, either. Other methods of casting on are given, including a few more new to me (an I cord cast on) and information on how to knit in two directions and how to do double knitting with the Magic Cast On (double knitting can make a tube, or a double fabric with only one two needles as in flat knitting--it's almost like magic in itself.)  The patterns include hats, wraps, bags, cowls, a few socks and some mittens. I particularly liked "Monica's Seaman's Scarf" (which is knit from the center in two directions) and the stuffed pig--an unusual knitted toy and always welcome for little kids. A "treasure map" takes you through the new techniques in an amusing manner.  This book is more worth it for the techniques than the patterns; I didn't find the patterns all that unusual, but the techniques used in them can be applied to other knitting, so they are good tutorials, even if the socks are nothing special. But applying those methods of cast on to your own sock designs can be useful. So the designs are good for application purposes. All in all, a book with new things for me to learn, and I've been knitting for decades. Recommended.
3775 We had an international-themed party at work and I had the French table. These confetti were really cute--metallic and black Eiffel Towers and stars. We sprinkled them around the centerpiece. I got two bags, but one was enough for an 8-top table.
3776 If you aim to paint ultra-real, exciting wildlife art, Christophe Drochon's work can't help but inspire you. His rendering of lambent cat eyes, fur glowing in the sun and dramatic scenes are some of the best.  This book is aimed to the oil and acrylic artist or anyone working in opaque mediums as opposed to the more expressive and loose styles of watercolor and pastel. You can get ideas for colored pencil and sharpened pastel as well as gouache but this is really primarily for oil painters.  There are sufficient demos to give good instruction for the more advanced artist, but you need some grounding in your medium before you attempt work such as this. In other words, not for beginners except as inspiration and simply to admire an exceptional artist's work.
3777 This review is for the icefox Dual sim Rugged Unlocked mobile phone,IP68 Waterproof,Shockproof Outdoor Military Cell Phone  This is a GSM phone that will work for multi carriers, just insert your SIM card and go.  The instructions are very lacking so be prepared for that.  Phone itself is very rugged and passed my sitting in a bowl of water test.  While I still prefer a standard smart phone, if you are going into hostile environments this would survive where other phones would not.  Phone accepts up to 16gb memory card, not included. Sample provided
3778 Made of stainless steel that will rise rust and corrosion so these will work in wet environments like the kitchen or on a boat / fishing. I had ordered a pizza and it came not cut very well, I the cut into the pizza making new slices. Worked and cut through all the wet gooey cheese mess. To clean they come apart easily. Come with magnetic holder
3779 Genuine Polaris replacement part. This is the hose that moves the most on your cleaner. perfect fit for my 360. Comes coiled like in picture so you may need to bend the hose sections straight a bit. Fits Zodiac Polaris pool cleaner models 180, 360, 380, 280, 480, Vac-Sweep 280, 280 TankTrax
3780 As I sit here by my pool writing reviews, I thank the Lord that I am blessed with good health, good friends, and an abundant life where helping others is just part of the deal,, and then it hit me....like a brick in the face how ugly my skimmer cover is. The thing is hideous. It just started screaming at me. I can't take it any more. I have to do something. This blight has to go. Mine is the larger one than this (SPX1070C Cover), but they are the same except this is smaller in diameter. 8.75" in diameter. How do I know? I don't live at the pool store, but I do get mail there.
3781 This review is for the 1 Chef's Knife 8 Inches Stainless Steel Silver  Without a doubt one of the best feeling knives in your hand. Almost like its molded to perfectly fit your palms in either hand.  I washed multiple times in dishwasher without any spotting or rust, so the stainless steel used is quality.  The test sample reviewed for review come very sharp out of the box. Cuts well, and feels better,than my four hundred dollar henckels knife set.
3782 Love this bag. It looks great being carried by men or women. I had some ridiculously expensive leather bags that were just to darn heavy. So from now on all the bags have to me nylon, or like this one microfiber. For the most part you don't want a bag to draw too much attention to yourself while traveling, unless you are trying to draw attention to yourself via bling (coach, LV etc.).  This bag does come in colors that would fit that bill, but for the most part neutral colors are what guys want, black, brown, grey. The one that I got was black. It rides on you like no other bag. Great weight distribution and easy access. I had a hard time decided between the medium and the large. We are going on a trip here soon so I was informed the large was the one. It is also the only size that has an internal padded and zippered iPad section. That is a cool feature.  I have loaded it up with all sorts of things. Change of clothes, put my embarrassing fanny pack inside it, iPad of course, multi tools, pens, paper, Kindle. All of this fits great and feels good on your shoulder. I just wear the strap across my body and can slide the bag around to my back and off I go. Would be a good choice for hiking.  For most the medium would be a good first choice. For extra travel needs, or iPad carry the large is the one. The size is not going to be a big deal unless you make it a big deal. The less thats in the bag the thinner it is.
3783 Shop around as you can find for less at some other shops. Prices vary greatly. This is a great organizer that is really built well. Searched all over for one that was not cheap, and that could take some use / abuse. This was the only line that filled the bill. Wanted one that I could fill with screws and actually see what they were with the lid closed. Nothing else came close. Husky was second choice, but the plastic they use was really not good and one in the store was cracked just form opening up.
3784 I was surprised by the design. It is designed to close like the large dry bags that fold and fold and fold and then secure. This by the way is the only method that will stand the test of time. Then I looked at the other products the manufacturer offers and they also manufacture those same bags. So they know what they are doing when it comes to keeping things dry. Easy to use and will last for the long haul. I have used so many of these things over the years and this is the first one I think will actually work longer than a month.
3785 I had tested two of the TEW-653AP that were needed to cover the desired area of use with no dead spots. Ended up replacing both of those with one of trendnet TEWA 753 access points. Very pleased with the results. The Trendnet TEW 753 unit is much faster and more powerful that Trendnets other access points, but it comes at about double the price. I needed the extended power rating along with gigabit ethernet WAN ports that this unit has. Also wanted the 5gb ability that the TEW 653 did not offer. The TEW 653 just did not have the range.
3786 This review is for the white Handy Camel Bag Clip  Very heavy duty large bag clip.  I am using this on a big bags of dog and cat food. Works perfectly.  Built well and should last a long time.
3787 This review is for the Solar Lantern, GARMAR Portable Outdoor LED Camping Lantern Flashlight, Rechargeable Bright Night Lamp for Hiking, Camping, Emergencies, Hurricanes, Outages. (Blue)  This is a much nicer lantern / flashlight combo than I was expecting.  Extremely bright at 180 lumens.  White color led lights. Super simple to operate.  Just pull apart to defeat and activate led lantern feature.  Push button on side for led flashlight  Sample provided is weather resistant
3788 The waist is a tad tight on all of these sizes due to the seriously wide single piece of internal elastic.  They are the softest lounge pants ever made. Double thickness and super well made.  Definely worth the high price. Word of warning, while worn they make you want to relax and do nothing.
3789 First off regardless of what you think or don't think of the author the book has some interest for just about anyone. I had never heard of the author before  receiving the book to review. I figured anyone who was going through some big life challenges and changes and for whatever reason decides to take the monumental trek of the Camino de Santiago could be a worthwhile read.  This life would be boring if we were all the same I think we would all agree. Author is a very new age Gal to the extreme so when she goes there don't be surprised about past lives and so on. The book is pretty much a printed version of her diary of the trip in sometimes excruciating detail. We do learn that such huge excursions take equally hug planning and forethought that the author failed to do property on several occasions. Take your time and think it through and just don't react to a bad situation with knee jerk reactions. She should have known that being in the self help biz. We can make some bad ill informed decisions in the heat of emotional trauma.  Interesting trip. . I think when we accomplish a huge task such as this we grow stronger as people. But I kind of felt like I did not know if anyone was helped long term in the end. Tip of the hat to the author for completing such a long walk.
3790 This is a super heavy duty cutting board. It does have some weight to it if that is an issue or not. While not as thick and heavy as my standard cutting board that I used until I got this one, it is still in the heavy category.  No rough edges or unfinished seams. I use standard mineral oil to keep it looking new. This is a very high quality cutting board, not a cheapy by any means. Has a groove all the way around to trap any liquids while cutting so they don't run onto your cabinet or on the floor.
3791 Wow this looks very nice. The sample that I was provided was the light blue and reminded me of the necklace in Titanic. Not that big, but this is still very substantial. The color is beautiful. The crystal has lots of cut facets to reflect the light. Comes with a perfect length chain that hangs the crystal in the cleavage zone. Good value
3792 This is a classic. The Blu Ray transfer is top notch. This will be the best you have ever seen the African Queen bar none. Now for those who only like the widescreen Blu Rays,The movie was ORIGINALLY FILMED IN 4:3 RATIO. ("Wide screen" ratios did not exist until a few years after this movie was made, or were too costly at the time.) I was a little surprised when I first saw this as many movies of this grand scale are of the wide screen variety, but that was just the technology of the time.  This detracts nothing from this great production. The sound is also vastly better than the dvd. Very happy with this version and you will be too.  This is a must own!!
3793 These are good quality. Order one size larger than normal and you will be good.  Using these for photographs and scanning project.  Works perfectly
3794 Truly one of the great remotes in electronic history. Always works. Classic design. Practically indescribable. Powerful IR and RF for going through walls and cabinetry.
3795 9-100-1200 replacement valve works great and was easy to install.
3796 This is a good quality cutter with replaceable blades that feels good in your hands while you are working.  I get a lot of boxes delivered, and go through a plethora of box cutters.  I like this one as it fits your hand well and allows you to put on some pressure for when you really have to get through several layers of cardboard. Sample provided
3797 This is a perfect leash for runners, and those who need hands free for whatever reason. Possibly a texting addiction. Anyway this works great. Very sturdy and well made. Will last a long time. Can take some serious weight from your canine. No more exhausted arms trying to keep your dog in line as you run. All work is done by your hips as you move. Also works well for bike rides in the park : not road racing; just leisurely pace. Waist part and leash part can be adjusted separately for owner size, and dog size. Sturdy quick release buckles.
3798 Feel great in your hand (ergonomics). Quality better than expected. Very loud color scheme so there won't be any doubt that these are your tools. Fun scresdrivers.
3799 This appears to be a good quality cable upon first use. I used this with an iPhone 6 and an iPad Air all without issue. There were no warnings as it is MFI Certified. I like it that it does not tangle, especially with other cords being around when you are charging multiple devices in one area. The colors are bright, and the cable is nice and thick. Does not feel cheap in any way. Now the only question that remains is durability long term. So far this is performing well. Sample Provided.
3800 Used this for several years and I am pretty happy with it. You can take with you and spray around to make a perimeter so flying stuff doesn't attack. Works well on ants too.
3801 The sample that I received is good quality and looks just like the one in the ad picture here on Amazon. My recommendation would be to order one size larger than you normally wear. I found that it fits well in the breast area, but not a lot of support. Other than that I am very happy with the way it looks, and the way that it is constructed. Defiantly looks good
3802 This review is for FISHER Chefs Naturals Whole Almonds, 16 Ounc  These are raw almonds with nothing but almond flavor  If you are expecting the roasted salty kind, these are not it. You can make them into that  Very healthy. Fresh taste
3803 This review is for Return to Your Senses: Save Yourself before Technology Kills You  This book offers so much more than you would expect from the title. Yes it deals with technology, and how it is affecting our daily lives, and for the most part not for the better. But it also teaches many lessons on how to live a better life.  The Author shows us through his interesting life experiences and work related stories how to be more emotionally connected as humans, and how the alternative is making us less human, and even vulnerable to abuse and even the real possibility of the loss of our lives.  Return to Your Senses makes us ask the question of whether our constant connections online are in our best interests, and points out the real dangers, emotional and physical, that we in fact voluntarily put ourselves in.  The Author is not advocating the elimination of technology, but in the smart use of it. Some people are oblivious to its insidious nature, and that technology is here to serve us, not the other way around. HIs insights also point us in a caring and light hearted way on how to be better people. Review copy provided by publisher.
3804 I have the Yeti 30 tumbler, and this works and holds ice nearly as long.  Seamless design, comes with one lid and stainless straw.  Sample provided for review is extremely well made. For the price this just can't be beat
3805 Sticks to itself just fine. Wrapped and stretched fine, and molded to itself when I applied to dry pipe and let cure. Did not seal the leak fine. It leaked right through in the spot where it leaked before instantly. I wouldn't recommend this tape to fix any kind of leak.
3806 Stacy has a unique crystal clear voice that stands out among female Jazz singers. This cd is a very nice departure from business as usual. All in all a very respectable tribute to legends Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Dave Brubeck and Bobby Short.
3807 The sample that I received is in the army green color, and it came boxed with five buckles and instructions on how to make some useful paracord items. This is full seven strand and not the five strand that is common at walmart. For what you get this is a good value for sure. This cord, like all products offered by this seller, is covered by The Friendly Swede's Lifetime Warranty which you can register for on their website.
3808 This is a great design whether known by Rabbit or Houdini. These are so simple to use there is no reason to ever go back in time to the old hard work waiters cork screw. The sample that i received for review was just beautiful with its metal finish in bronze. Comes with corkscrew and foil cutter. This works like a charm.
3809 Cute holiday tumbler is ver festive. 12 ounce double wall ceramic construction. Six inches in height. Bright red.
3810 This is a very simple and elegant way to store you bikes off of the ground to save space. I put two of these side by side for our hybrid 700 series bicycles. Mounted one a little lower so the handlebars would clear each other. Very well made and sturdy especially for its reasonable price. Screwed directly into wall studs sixteen inches apart.
3811 The sight tool is to remove the front sight by removing the slide from the frame and unscrewing it from the inside of the slide. The disassembly tool is helpful, and in my opinion should come with our glocks. Yes you can use steel punches but why take the risk of jacking something up, or marring the finish needlessly. Great for adding aftermarket parts, as well as disassembly and assembly including magazines.
3812 This review is for FLEXIMOUNTS C06 Mobile TV Cart Stand for 32''-65'' LCD LED Plasma Flat Panel Screen  This is an excellent cart for mounting your television on.  I put this one in the game room so we could move it around depending on where we were. That way the tv never gets in the way, and we can keep it out of harms way when the need arises.  Using this for an older 55 inch Sony that is much heavier than the modern flat screens.  This is my second fleximounts cart. I have a higher end chrome one in the bedroom that is my favorite.  Never have had any issues with this makers mounts. Hard core strong, with great design. Contemplating getting another one for my covered patio area that I can wheel in when bad weather approaches.
3813 I use these for hammocks and other suspended yard stuff, Holds a lot of weight without the slightest signs of failure. 3600 LBS active load bearing with spike loads to 5000.
3814 This review is for the Foldable Led Desk Lamp,Ideality Portable USB Rechargable Table Lamp Reading Lamp Bedroom Lamp,Energy Efficient Led Desk Light with 2-Level Dimmer,Built-In Battery,Eye-Care for Reading Studying Bedtime  This company sent me this lamp to review, and I could not find it. It got lost in my other mail it folds down so small. Then today I was going through stuff and came across a very small flat box that was really heavy. That was this lamp.  It is made of aluminum and is quite beautiful. It is like a functional piece of art.  My lamp is the gold color, but it looks more of a combination of gold and copper so it looks very distinctive and expensive looking.  The lamp put out 150Lms  with a Color Temperature:5500-6000K  Battery is rechargeable :3.7V/1000mAh  Net Weight:9.8 ounce Folded / collapsed  Dimensions are :7.92.60.4 inch  Full in Line Length:27.9 inch, but you would not use it this way.  You can adjust the hight where you want it. Looks much better in person than in pictures
3815 Very reliable and easy to configure NSS Server. Qnap network storage units are great way to organize & manage files and backup tasks in one centralized location. I keep mine in a closet so the lights and sounds it may or may not make do not bother anyone. The 431 is a four bay unit that not only synchronize files between computers, laptops, and mobile devices, but also give you the option to build a private cloud and share with friends and colleagues with the Qnotes mobile app.  Unit is quiet but it does have a cooling fan (12 cm, 12V DC). 3 x USB 3.0 port (Front: 1, Rear: 2) 1 x eSATA port (Rear) Support USB & eSATA storage devices, USB printer, pen drive, and UPS etc. 2 Ethernet ports.
3816 Good food so far, with a few quality control issues.  Have found that my kitten does best when he gets a grain free diet. The grains swell and give him digestive issues. This food is 100% grain free, and he loves it. Watch for bones in some of the foods.
3817 This is the fifty foot hose, and is the minimum length for the average house and yard. I find its about ten feet short for almost everything except close in work. Seventy five feet seems to be the sweet spot around my house. Good hose and a warraty that works
3818 This is an internal battery light that is designed to look like a little mushroom, and is a cute little thing. The mushroom cap is a silicone rubber material. It is recharged with the included USB cable that you can attach to a phone or tablet wall charger. Shroom has an auto timer off features with multiple settings. Battery in light mode runs ten hours. Easy Bluetooth pairing for speaker mode. Has good sound, especially coming from a mushroom.
3819 Great for all non stick pans. Has solid metal insert for stability. Unfortunately the silicone gave way on the end and bent over exposing the metal to your pots and pans. Good while it lasts. Had to throw away after a very short time.
3820 Very nice stand for your iPad or iPhone.. I use it for both. Push button on side of hinge to change angle of support. Click into place where you want it. Sturdy design, and very light. Will be taking on trips as its so light. Comes in its own carry pouch with stylus. Some cases on iPads will have an issue with the width of the holder part of the stand. My case is super slim so there are no issues. My iPhone 6 with case that has a lip on the screen side is at the stands maximum size limit.
3821 This is the twenty five ounce all stainless steel bottle, in stainless natural finish. I have most manufacturers bottles and I know. This is the only one that can keep a drink iced in your hot car for three days I kid you not. I am continually stunned at how long ice stays solid in the Think Sport bottles. Ice will even stay for one day with the lid off. In case you want to know the second best is Klean Kanteen Only downside you could possibly find is the good looking shape does not fit well in bike bottle holders / cages. Does fit in my car and on my bike with some modifications of the plastic flexible cage. I usually just carry this one and a twelve ounce in a very small backpack when hiking. One for water and one for Gator
3822 ISO Active multi action toothpaste will go a long way towards your goal of a pain free mouth. Works for me. Active Ingredients - Potassium Nitrate 5% - Purpose - Antihypersensitivity. Sodium Fluoride 0.15% w/v Fluoride Ion - Anticavity. Inactive Ingredients Water, Sorbitol, Hydrated Silica, Glycerin, Flavor, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Saccharin, Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Sodium Hydroxide.
3823 Not as tasty as a beef jerky but this has left out all the unhealthy ingredients that this brand is known for. They need to do the same treatment to their beef. Low fat and healthy.
3824 you don't use a case of any kind on your I devices you can make this three star review. If on the other hand use any kind of standard iPhone case this will not work for you at all. I have four different cases for my iPhone and could not find even one that will work with this stand. I did find one half case that would work with an iPad Air due to it hardly protecting or covering the iPad at all. Even when devices are naked it takes a good half a minute to try and guide the Belkins lightning plug into the device as it moves to accommodate in theory various cases dimensions. I wanted to like this stand as it seems well built, but poorly designed. If they had made the lighting plug itself extend with the adjustment wheels instead of the plug and an inch wide chunk of rubber, this would have worked.  If you know of a single case this works with please reply in comments because I can't find a single one and I have eight major manufacturer cases.
3825 My favorite flavors are the lime and lemon. The plain is great for mixing with juice, but plain is more difficult to find. I can only locate that at whole foods. Very refreshing and natural mineral water. No added chemicals or treatments to make the water taste funky. No sodium like some of the other sparkling waters.
3826 This review is for the Dolphin Triton.  I found that the robots from Dolphin are the only ones to consistently climb pool walls to clean.  This model performs well, but has smaller filter capacity than the Triton Plus.  My triton unit was missing a part so I returned it, and ordered the triton plus and I am quite pleased with the upgrades.  If you don't have as many leaves as I do, the regular triton will work perfectly for you.  I have tested all aqua bots in turbo series, and Dolphins are considerably better performers.  This triton will accept the larger bag attachment, while the triton plus with top load filters will not.  I found the bottom load to be a pain.
3827 Not as good as the gravity inversion units, but you cant travel with those either. Works for taking the pressure off of those tired and damaged disks. Best to use when you are not in agony as it may make the trauma worse before it gets better.
3828 This is a great sturdy box. It is a little smaller than the big box that they make and is much easier to move around. I keep my tools that I use often in this one, and all the others in another bigger box. This is great to tote around to various parts of the house and mainly outside to fix the never ending list of what needs fixing without having to run back to the garage nine hundred times.
3829 Put this on myself on a 2010 Toyota FJ. Takes longer than the estimate if you don't have air tools (which I do but didn't want to drag all that stuff out). Took about an hour. Very well made hitch, and Amazon was lots cheaper than everwhere else including ebay. The FJ tow loop was a hag, had to use a 2 foot long half inch ratchet and yank a few times. Looks much better than the toyota factory hitches. Very manly. Didnt need the fish wire for anything. Would highly reccomend this hitch. Made in USA, YAY.
3830 I have had one of these fire safes for over twenty years now. It has survives many many moves, being dropped, having stuff stacked on top of it, and it is still going strong. This is not going to keep burglars out for long, it is designed to keep stuff together, most snoops out, and survive a fire for around half an hour. It is more fire than thief proof just so you know. Get one of these and then hide it. If someone don't know about it, they won't be gearing in it. Has a nice lock, but its no where near pick proof.
3831 I have several of my electronics suited up for battle in UAG cases. The design is out of the ordinary as you can see from the pictures. They have a very modern and futuristic appearance. That being said they are extremely tough and offer outstanding impact resistance and protection, without adding undue bulk. Many cases use a layer of air or huge thickness for protection ability. UAG just designs things right, so there is no un necessary bulk, This works great and looks great on my iPad Mini
3832 Five Star Christmas Charles Hammer has great guitar skills, and this classical album allows his efforts to glow for the holidays. Very enjoyable Christmas classics that will fill the room with happiness. What more could you want. Well it has that too. Charles was a Avery talented and gifted man, and he was always glad to see you after one of his many live performances. He is missed, but his great talent lives on in his series of great guitar music.
3833 Thermometer is very accurate. I tested this with three other cooking thermometers and they all had the same reading within two degrees.  I was concerned that this would not be built sturdy enough for my outdoor cooking adventures, but the sample provided has worked well over the past two weeks of use.
3834 A little difficult to put together as the tolerances are tight.  But once you do it functions perfectly.  I have one in the bedroom that keeps cloths off of furniture and floor.  Looks good, and well made especially for the price asked  Sample provided
3835 First this is one of the best lookig toasters I have ever seen. Great job design guys whoever you are. The silicone lid that goes on top when not in use is what all toasters should have, and you don't have to wait for it to cool down beofre putting it on.  Has all the standard features of modern toasting. 6 browning settings with electronic controls Wide openings for bagels Bagel defrost setting  This is a winner
3836 This bulb is what is called a corn cob LED bulb. It is a 5 Watt that the manufacturer says puts out 470 lumens. I would have thought that it was brighter than that. It really does put out a lot of light. I test many many LED bulbs and it just seems brighter. Made its the color of the bulb that has some to do with that. It is warmer than the stark daylight color, but it is not real warm in color. Just enough that you can tell its not daylight, but not as warm as stated. This bulbs color will not be confused with an incandescent by any means.  I also tested this on a dimmer switch for those that have those and it had some problems with that, but for a lamp it worked perfectly. Screw base is standard size. Sample provided for testing.
3837 Fourseven Preon 1. Great light, terrible awful bad sub par clip. I think that almost covered the clip. Its like wire. It will get caught on your keys and get bent all up. Light itself is pretty good. I have had it come on in my pocket a few times and thats not comfortable as it will get hot and let you know its on. This is the current model which is 84 lumens. Old model was 70 lumens. Takes one AAA battery. Seven Output Modes: Low, Medium, High, Strobe, SOS, Beacon (Hi), Beacon (Lo) Please FourSevens make a descent clip for this light.
3838 Very nice and keeps liquids warm. I use mainly for tea, but anything works in it. Easy to clean by hand or put in the dishwasher. Double wall insulation. I put in the microwave all the time to re heat. Has rubber plug in the bottom to seal, and to allow for expansion for hot and cold pressures. Six inches tall.
3839 The colors these come in a just great. Mine is so bright it makes me smile just looking at it. Eagles Nest Outfitters makes a cool hammock, in so many ways. It's built well and you just have to appreciate it's simplicity and attention to detail from eagles nest outfitters is wonderful. Comes in a little bag made of the same material, breathable parachute woven nylon and triple interlocking stitching that keeps the hammock storage and transport size very compact, and highly portable. Does not come with suspension ties, but some climbers webbing does the trick perfectly, while not adding much to the transport weight or bulk. Hammock has a maximum capacity rating of 400 pounds. Comes with aluminum wiregate carabiners. Double nest, made for two.
3840 This should last for along time. It is built like it was designed for abuse. Nice comfortable handle that extends and lots of space for your stuff. You get what you pay for.
3841 First let me say that this is good quality and the padded bag it comes in is very nice. The ergonomics are good as well. The problem unless you are going to use this as a drill is the high RPM. I though a few of the reviewers were just being weenies until I tried it on something simple like a light switch plate. One little blip on the power button and the screw was out (wow that was fast I thought, this thing is cool) now to put it back in you cannot use the screw driver to do it as it spins too wild. So I put in in by hand and got the threads started, then applied the drill with another very slight blip, the lightest possible touch, and slam the screw was all the way in and the driver was jumping out of the slot jacking up the screw. It just has way too much uncontrolled power. I can see it as a drill like I said or a nut driver because it has so much torque, but not as a screw driver unless your driving deck screws and for that you would want the larger LXT driver for that project. I am thinking about returning it and getting the makita variable screw driver, but jeez its over twice the price. I don't know
3842 This is a difficult seed to offer a review on. Everyone experiences are almost guaranteed to be different. There are so many factors that come into play with zoysia. All you can do is rake it into your soil water like crazy, and hope for the best. This grass thrives in heat, drought, partial shade and also in colder temperatures. Once it takes hold its a tough, durable low maintenance lawn that will become 99.9% weed free as it is a weed choker. Zero germinated. No seeds sprouted. As far as seed goes, this will be your toughest grass to get going, and most expensive. Only time will tell your sprout and survival rate. This was a total bust for me. Their other seeds worked well, especially the shade formulated one.
3843 This is an impressive set of cufflinks. They are not only distinctive looking, but they are well made. The moving mechanism locks into place for a secure fit. One of the best features is that it comes with a spare cufflink. Thats right a third cufflink. For those who always loose cufflinks myself included this is a lifesaver. At last a company that was thinking about how their products are actually used, and..... lost.
3844 This is probably the best lubricant for guns and knives. I have tried so many. My second choice is Break Free CLP but it is more of a penetrant and deposit remover. Never had any negative issues in thirty years of use.
3845 This is a powerful little water bottle. Instead of having to have a large pitcher like the zero water, this is a self contained unit packed into a water bottle. The filter really works well. I have the impurity tester that came with my zero water filters, and the water after being purified in the bottle had near zero readings just like they said it would. Well made and BPA free.
3846 Works perfectly to replacer the pump that came with a water fountain / garden water feature. Unlike the pump that came with my fountain, this pump has an adjustable water flow rate. I was always having a problem with overspray and water splashing out of the bowl. Now with this pump I can adjust it to the perfect water flow. Has suction cup feet to keep it in place. The flow is maximum of 80 gal per minute. Pretty loud if that is of concern.
3847 XL ink does not last 40 pages. On my third large ink cartridge. Seems like Epson has become masters at ripping off its customers. At this rate they should just hand out the printers for free because we will be buying ink every ten minutes.
3848 18 pounds of Biogurad silk sticks. Works as described. So easy to use just toss in the skimmer or in a floating chlorinator. I have a salt water pool but need to boost the  levels in the spring due to seeding trees and pollen onslaught. The bioguard keeps the chlorine from burning off. If it makes keeping the pool clean easier I am for it. Simple and in the long run very cost effective as you no longer have to shock. Keeps chemical levels consistant.
3849 I used this to record Pavarottis last concert. The sound was incredible with this mike and it was able to pick up the slightests of sounds, very nice and sensitive. Used this directly plugged into recording unit (flash drive) and could not be happier. If you have a problem its with your other equipment. Always use a flash drive recorder or it may pick up motor sounds unless you use the cord that comes with it.
3850 Easy to install, and works as expected. Going on four years of usage without any issues. Forgot and left it on all night several times, then main pump auto shuts off (a not recommended situation as pump can overheat and fail). It has surviv d my forgetfulness. Still going strong for Polaris 360.
3851 This review is for the Solid Gold Holistic Salmon and Beef Wet Cat Food, 3 oz  The food has high quality ingredients first of all. One of the two cats was impressed.  The other wasn't quite sure what he thought, but he is not a big lover of pate food anyway.  Both ended up eating it. One was just more enthusiastic
3852 Very light weight. Power lasts for around 12 minutes depending on the condition of your battery. You have to get very close to leaves if you want to move them. Great for just blowing dust and dirt off your patio. Not for big jobs or real yard work. Will not replace your corded blower. Just for very small jobs that you don't want to drag all the cords and stuff out of the garage. For the big jobs and you still want a cordless, I have two others that I use now. When a more powerful one comes out I upgrade. The less time I have to blow leaves around, the more I like it, and the more powerful ones take less time. http://www.amazon.com/Power-56V-LITHIUM-ION-Cordless-Blower/dp/B00JT2HYJK/ref=sr_1_19?ie=UTF8&qid=1424540994&sr=8-19&keywords=cordless+blower  And now this is my new favorite  http://www.amazon.com/GreenWorks-500CFM-Blower-Battery-Charger/dp/B00R6Z4SEQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1424541034&sr=8-1&keywords=cordless+blower+80
3853 Hey these work great. My honey leaves me messages in super bright happy colors on my bathroom mirror. They look so good that I can't bring myself to erase them. I have tested this review sample on multiple surfaces and they look great, and are easy to remove if needed. Only down is that the clear plastic package keeps coming open at the bottom. Markers themselves though are top notch and leave a solid non streak mark.
3854 The test sample provided gives good support and is comfortable to wear over long time spans as long as you don't get it too tight.  Highly adjustable strap that is easy to use without assistance from others.  Neoprene nylon fabric is breathable so it does not get too hot. That is good for when you are wearing this during workouts or sporting activities. Gives good support without limiting flexibly for the most part.  Easy to clean and let air dry.
3855 Ok the camera is great and no other compact digital comes close. The problem I am having after owning it for 25 days is that you get lens errors on the display screen then camera shuts down. This only supposed to happen when there is an obstruction that does not allow the lens to deploy. On this one you zoom to a point and it just stops, lens error, then shut down. Now it just does it at random, sometimes its fine sometimes its not. I did a google search for lens error z750 and others are having this problem. Hope Casio can get this problem fixed, and at the moment I am hoping thier warranty customer service is good.  The repair went well. They replaced the lens assembly and in since the repair I have only had three lens failures.
3856 If you like action and very good special effects this will not disappoint you. I liked it more than I thought I would. You probably will surprise yourself liking it too. No academy awards here, but good fun.
3857 This seems to be a pretty good quality dog food. I know that the manufacturer had some recall issues in the past, lets hope that it stays in the past. I like it that it has natural ingredients. The pups like it that it tastes good. Ingredients Lamb, Lamb Meal (source of Glucosamine and Chondroitin Sulfate), Brewers Rice, Rice Bran, Chickpeas, Whole Brown Rice, Split Peas, Whole Grain Oatmeal, Pea Protein, Chicken Fat (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Natural Flavor, Sunflower Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Soybean Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Potassium Chloride, Salt, Choline Chloride, DL-Methionine, Taurine, Zinc Sulfate, Niacin Supplement, Vitamin E Supplement, Calcium Pantothenate, Riboflavin Supplement (Vitamin B2), Pyridoxine Hydrochloride (Vitamin B6), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Iron Amino Acid Chelate, Copper Amino Acid Chelate, Selenium Yeast, Biotin, Manganese Amino Acid Chelate, Vitamin A Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate (Vitamin B1), Vitamin D3 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Folic Acid, Rosemary Extract, Decaffeinated Green Tea Extract, Spearmint Extract.
3858 This is a pretty good jerky. Good taste. The only suspect ingredient for those that care about feeling good and living healthy without living at the doctors office and pharmacy is the "natural ingredients". This can mean many things, including the dreaded jerky varmint MSG or monosodium glutamate which kills brain neurons. Anyway if it does have it, it has less than any others unless they say NO MSG.  Beef Sugar Water Beef Stock Salt Spices Natural Flavorings Natural Smoke Flavor Vinegar  I like the taste of this Oberto jerky, and have eaten it off and on for years. Much better than Jack Links that you can find everywhere and is full of non healthy stuff.
3859 This is a good infuser. Very tough and well made. It does discolor after about a month of use, looking dingy. I always scrub it with a scotch bride pad and that helps some. It is not fine and will let some particles through just so you know. There are some new fine mesh infusers that work better at keeping particles out of tea water. This was the best at the time it was made. Technology moves on.
3860 Secret New York Great meditation aid for those with a mind that just won't calm down. Much better for you than drugs.. Ha. Quality paper that is suitable for use with colored pencils, crayons, and markers. Would not recommend sharpies as they tend to bleed through. Nice for those that like to imagine themselves in another setting. And that is what this is all about. A calm mind is a happy mind. 96 pages.
3861 Made in china but the quality is excellent. Has the most sturdy blade holder of any of the lock blade utility knives; but the lever kind of gets in the way a little. The only others that are reccoemended are the Kobalt brand at lowes stores. They have a quick release that you just pull down on and the blade comes straight out, but it has a little woble ( I mean very little) on the blade where the Bessey has none. So either way you are good. Bessey is unique in that it has real wood inlay for a more traditional look where the Kobalt went more modern all aluminum in the six dollar model and all stainless and rubber inserts in the fifteen dollar model. The good part in these type knives is when your blade gets dull no more sharpening so it requires less maintainance. Get the Irwin blades made of spring steel that bend and don't break. Last twice as long and are twice as sharp. Dont fall for the titanium coating of blades and drill bits. Means nothing other than they look great why you are wondering what the heck is wrong with the way they aren't cutting or drilling.
3862 This was a gift from my wife. We were in a little specialty clothing outfitter store, and she came walking up with one and I was like honey I don't need another bag, and she insisted I try it on, so I did and I went HEY THIS IS NICE. It rides on you like no other bag. Great weight distribution and easy access. I had a hard time decided between the medium and the large. We are going on a trip here soon so I was informed the large was the one. It is also the only size that has an internal padded and zippered iPad section. That is a cool feature.  I have loaded it up with all sorts of things. Change of clothes, put my embarrassing fanny pack inside it, iPad of course, multi tools, pens, paper, Kindle, and of course being a guy going to odd places where few honest folk tread, occasionally a glock. All of this fits great and feels good on your shoulder. I just wear the strap across my body and can slide the bag around to my back and off I go. Would be a good choice for hiking.
3863 This review is for the Howard Leight R-01776 Patriotic Kit, Red/White/Blue  I have been using these ear plugs for years, as they lower the most db.  The glasses are clear and fit well. Ear pieces adjust in length to fit your ears. First ones that I have seen do this. Great set.
3864 If you want the perfect fit for your 1600 here it is. Does it cost too much for what it is, yes. Can you find it cheaper elsewhere, no. Are there less expensive non trashy looking alternatives, no. If you are ordering your pelican case get it with foam, that way is cheaper. You paid out the rear for the stuff you are putting in the case. Now I guess we must do the same to protect it. I'm not happy paying the price but whatcha gonna do.
3865 Sesnodyne full protection toothpaste in tube. Hardens teeth with fluoride and sodium nitrate. If your mouth gums, or tounge get irritated, or sores pop up it may be time to switch to an SLS free toothpaste. Sodium Lauryl Sulfate is a foaming agent that's used in all non natural or non sensitive toothpastes. It is a powerful irritant, and is a mouth culprit for pain, redness, and ulcers. This will go a long way towards your goal of a pain free mouth.  Active Ingredients - Potassium Nitrate 5% - Purpose - Antihypersensitivity. Sodium Fluoride 0.15% w/v Fluoride Ion - Anticavity. Inactive Ingredients Water, Sorbitol, Hydrated Silica, Glycerin, Flavor, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Saccharin, Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Sodium Hydroxide.
3866 This review is for the 60 in. x 24 in. Classic Knaack Storage Chest.  This is one serious chest that is good for holding much more than just tools.  I have mine stocked with power tools, and also a bunch of ammunition for various firearms. This chest works great for storing ammo, and makes the chest all the more heavy in case someone had the ill advised idea to try and take this from you. Chest is supported on steel skids which helped me in sliding it into its resting place in the garage. You could also easily put long arms into this near casket sized chest for a bargain gun safe, but alas no fire protection. Fires have not taken my guns, but burglars have on multiple occasions.  This would have saved them for sure. I am really happy with the quality of this chest. The lid has two gas filled struts to ease its opening and closing. Can be bolted down via the holes in the skids intended for that purpose. With this thing full my garage looks much neater and i can find things easier.
3867 These are some quality tree loppers. I have had this pair for three years, and they have never let me down. I have never sharpened them as of yet. Probably should think about that since dull loppers tend to get damaged from the extra force needed to get through branches. Don't forget to hit them with some wd40 or break free from clp to keep them rust free. I don't always, and have never gotten rudest spots. Impressed so far with Fiskars. My next purchase will be the smaller baby ones.
3868 Fits my big head well. Keeps my ears warm without having to turn to a full bulk hat. Good Polartec quality, especially at this price point. Machine or hand wash. Durable. Going on third season.
3869 I think the thing I like most about these organizers is that they are low profile, so they will fit in the thinest of drawers.  They arrive flat 28 x 13 cm all wrapped in plastic.  There are three sets of the foldable dividers, that are made of a non woven fabric material.  These really make your drawers look nice and it also makes it easier to find your socks. No more mismatch hunting expeditions. Same provided for review.  Measure 28x28x13 cm
3870 I received these for testing. I insisted the assistance of a relative who is a pre school teacher with multitudes of students to try these on. The verdict was very positive. Many faces covered and no skin reactions. Colors go on smooth. I like it that these pains are hypo allergenic, with no no parens. Manufactured with all natural ingredients. The company stands behind this product with a lifetime guarantee
3871 If it's so great reviewer guy then why not five stars? The only negative that I could find was that it's not a true micro cut shredder. Now having said that the chances of someone putting back together your shred is next to impossible, but it needed mentioning.  The pluses are huge. I have a huge pro model fellows that I have had forever that cost several hundred, and this Amazon Basics model can stand up right there with it. It can handle junk mail in envelopes, fifteen sheets fed at once is no challenge, and will do credit cards. It sits on wheels and can be moved easily. Easy to empty into the recycle bin. Some may want to use trash bags inserted into the bin. The standard tall kitchen works great I found.  Could not get it to overheat.  You can't go wrong with this solid built unit.
3872 What Weller did was just take their entry level single temp soldering iron and re brand it as a wood burning tool. So what you have is high temperature all the time. Not ideal at all. You need something with variable temp. Do a search here on Amazon for country hollow versa. It's the only decent adjustable wood and craft burner I have been able to locate. Weller does have an adjustable but it's like fifty bucks and a long barrel.
3873 This is a good tool kit for those who don't have many tools, or none at all. That is who Black and Decker have geared this set for. If you are a person like me who has a collection of Dewalt and Makita tools, of course you are not going to be all that impressed with this set. Its not meant for us. That being said, this kit can help get some stuff done around the house. The little 4v electric screw driver is a fun little thing. and feels good in your hand. I have don't some projects at other peoples houses for them, impromptu, and just wish they had a kit like this instead of me and my Leatherman, or whatever else I had in the car at the time.
3874 I gave this two stars only because it does function as a timer witch. I would not buy this again under any circumstances. I replaced this with a lutron caseta switch that I can program on my phone. This is just the biggest pain. It took me a total of four hours over several days to get it up and working. Then comes daylight savings time and the seasonal changes in getting dark sooner and its time to start all over again. It finally got to the point where it would not even work manually to turn on and off. Do yourself a favor and just don't do it.
3875 Works Well For Toyota 2010 FJ Cruiser. Perfect replacement filter at a good price. Much cheaper than the dealership price
3876 The Memorex 700MB 52 speed cd-r are a solid performer for your cd data and music needs. Out of the whole batch I had one coaster. Good value as well. These are not printable in case you were wondering. I just mark them with a sharpie. The spindle contains 50 disks.
3877 Gerber keychain tool. Yes it is small but good things come in small packages. How many great tools are left at home because they are just to large to carry easily. In the end the best tool is the one you have with you, and this one will always be there because it is small enough to be forgotten.  Pry bar - when on an outdoor adventure we came upon an old pickup that we could not get the door open. The latch worked but was jammed. Stuck the pry part into the door seam and was able to get it open.  Great for when you don't want to jack up your pocket knife blade.  Bottle opener - works great. May be using this feature too much  Small and medium flat drivers - too thick  Philips screwdriver - works well with smaller head screws but not good for anything larger  Wire stripper - yes its there, will you use it? Doubtful, much better to use a real wire stripper  Keychain hole / lanyard hole - without this it would be religated to pocket carry where it would be lost within two days. Lanyards look cool on these and will still fit on your keychain with one.  This is one little thing that you could buy for someone who has everything and they would look at how neat it is and just smile and say hey thanks, pop it on their keychain and everytime they use it would think of how you gave it to them.  For the price this little tool cant be beat.
3878 This review is for the original boxerjock from UA.  I have multiple pairs of boxerjocks, and have worn them for a year now.  These fit as expected and have super support. These don't fit like loose boxers, so if you don't like close fit, don't get these. While not tight, they do hug.  Well made, and take washing after washing without loosening up.
3879 This review is for the Superior Collection 100% Zero Twist Cotton Super Soft and Absorbent 6 - Piece Towel Set  Bath towels measure 30" x 54" each, the hand towels measure in at 16" x 30" each, and the wash cloths measure at 13" x 13" each respectively.  They are constructed out of quality cotton. Long staple cotton to be exact so they are very soft to the touch.  They also get softer after each wash.
3880 Yeah that's a load of you know what. This was easy to program, just follow the simple one paragraph instruction sheet and you are good to go. Good, not great range, and no more "honey my remotes not working again" for the two hundred millionth time. So it's me. I could not be happier if it was a giant emerald. Good remote
3881 The larger the box the better the price per pound. Cat likes it. It is cost efficient. It absorbes any odors very well, and is easy to discard when the time comes. Good for multiple cats. I prefer the multi cat or double duty over this the super scoop, but still better than manny other brands
3882 Four packs of the original bottled mineral water. Filtered spring. In 1829 the first Socit des Eaux Minrales (Mineral Water company) was founded. The mineral water comes from France, and the name of the spring is Cachat Source. For centuries drinkers of the natural spring water have been exhaling the benefits of the spring water claiming all sorts of health benefits. Probably versus drinking un pure water my guess. In 1908 Evian water began to be sold in glass bottles, and today post-consumer recycled PET plastic is a major part of the Evian bottling process to help conservation efforts, production and environmental.  The water is just as pure as the day it began to be bottled. Still bottled at the source.
3883 First these pruners feel good in your hands. The rubber grip has a semi soft feel for those long rose bush attacks. Bought the two pack. One of the pruners had a little play in the blades, the other had none. They come sharp just so you know. They have a strong spring and the lock works well on them when you are done. Don't forget to use a shot of wd40 on your tools when done to keep the rust monster away. I have the fishers trimmers and pruners and these fit well into that quality category.
3884 Break Free CLP Four Ounce Bottle The squirt bottles with little straws so there is no overspray, and it goes only where you want it. This has become the gold standard in gun cleaning and protection. First developed for the military this is one of the best cleaners fro breaking down carbon and other deposits. I go back and forth between this and remoil. It's ok to have several favorites, and we don't have to chose just one when we can have both, or several. Never let me down and I seem to collect cans and bottles of Break Free. I have these squirt bottles, and a bunch of smaller spray cans. Not just for guns either. This can will last a long time, and Amazon has the best price.
3885 You won't believe this is only ten watts. It is super bright. Instant on and great color. Nice wide beam of light. Using in hall recessed light that put off tons of heat. No heat felt from below with this led. Recommended
3886 Still bottled at the source. In 1829 the first Socit des Eaux Minrales (Mineral Water company) was founded. The mineral water comes from France, and the name of the spring is Cachat Source. For centuries drinkers of the natural spring water have been exhaling the benefits of the spring water claiming all sorts of health benefits. Probably versus drinking un pure water my guess. In 1908 Evian water began to be sold in glass bottles, and today post-consumer recycled PET plastic is a major part of the Evian bottling process to help conservation efforts, production and environmental.
3887 This is a very handy book that is easy to use, and has the words you need in a hurry to communicate and get things done.
3888 This review is for the Amazon brand, Happy Belly cumin.  This is a very large portion of spice for what you pay. Of course this means nothing if the quality is not there.  The bottle is large, and contains Kosher certified organic spice that is in fact superior quality.  E make a large amount of India dishes, and this works perfectly, and has wondrous flavor
3889 One quart Super Blue Works very fast and well. Attaches to micro particulates that cause much of the cloudiness. Once the particles are larger the filter can take care of them, removing them from the water. Also is non-toxic, non-irritating, biodegradable. Also clears oils from water.
3890 I have this corded model and a 36volt cordless mower Black & Decker CM1936 19-Inch. The construction is basically the same for both models so it will be features that tip the balance, and of course your personal preferences. For thicker grass or weeds go corded. For convienience and my preference is cordless freedom.  AC Voltage: 120V Amperage: 12 Cutting Deck Material: ABS Polymer Cutting Height: 1-1/10 in. - 3-1/10 in. Cutting Path: 17 in. Discharge: Rear Drive System: Push Height Adjustment: 6 Position Mulching Capability: No Power Type: Electric Starter: Electric  While mostly plastic the parts that matter are steel, or steel encased in plastic. They hold up surprisingly well. Be careful not to run over roots or rocks as the blade balancing assembly fan is somewhat fragile, and it had to replace it.  Nice quiet and powerful operation that's easy on the ears and environment. Easy height adjustments. Best suited for small to medium yards because you are dragging an extension cord.
3891 This review is for the Cheerson CX-10  This is one little copter. It is very tiny, but it does in fact work just as described.  It does take a little to get the hang of things, but then you are off and flying.  You control the copter via your phone.  For everything to work you must be connected to a wifi network.  Lost of fun with the Nano Quadcopter that was sent to me to review.  Note: my dog does not appreciate the Quadcopter, or it could be the combination of copter and operator.... Ok its me.
3892 This is like a combo head light and bike light. I did not care much for it as a head light. It is awkward to get onto the elastic head band so I would never use it as such myself. That being said it is a super bike light. I have reviewed many bike lights and many head lights and most are a little less output than the manufacturer claims. This thing is super bright. While the reflector is not one of the super machined high quality ones, for this price it does a good job. It puts out a good throw and has just enough spill to make things safe.  The head piece is large and mounts directly to your handlebars with the included mounting hardware. The battery pack appears to be four 18650 batteries in a rubber weather resistant case. The battery plugs into the cable coming out of the head unit. Battery pack can then be inserted into a bag holder that you velcro to your bike. The light sample this I received for this review has three settings that work great. The button glows green with an internal led light so you can find it in the dark. You will want to unplug the battery pack when done as this light does not go out.  Set also comes with a rear blinking tail light that has five led's and is powered by its own batteries not included. Buy this as a bike light and you will be happy; head light not so much.
3893 I have never seen my two dogs go after food like this before. Poured this over their natural grain free food and they thought they were in heaven. Used one package for both dogs and it was more than enough
3894 This review is for the Leather Winter Work Gloves, Water Resistant, Very Warm 100-gram Thinsulate, Large (Wells Lamont 1202L)  I found that these are true to size and fit well.  l ordered the size large and they fit perfect. If you are not used to wearing leather gloves and have only worn the flexible neoprene work gloves from lowes or hd then you must be sure of your size as leather does not flex if they are too small on you.  Very well made and insulate well from the cold. The sleeve part can be tucked into the glove if you don't want that sticking up your wrist. Glad I have these
3895 I get lots of compements on this. I did have one of the rubber feet on the back pop off. The fit into holes so there is no glue to worry about. Keeps your phone safe.
3896 This review is for the Caperci Spiked Wheels Created Diamond Iced Out Sterling Silver Ring for Men  Well made out of sterling silver. Very heavy and solid with lots of fine artistic detail.  Spiked wheel ring is crafted and stamped 925 sterling, and features five spiked wheel symbols all around its diameter.  Sample provided measurements :Band Width: 9mm, Thickness: 2.0-2.3mm, Weight: 15g
3897 Great taste without the Fiji water price. Dasani water is my favorite bottled water by far. It has a unique combination of minerals that gives it a very nice wet fresh taste. It makes other bottled waters seem very bland and lifeless. Ingredients in order are purified water, magnesium sulfate, potassium chloride, and salt. Bottles are made of recycled materials.
3898 Good battery. Be sure and get yours from a seller who does a lot of batteries to get a fresh one that hasn't been sitting around forever as they only last a year. Here is some more iRobot battery choice info. The original old iRobot battery was a NiCd battery which has fallen from favor for environmental reasons. Most all NiCd batteries have been replaced by NiMH batteries, of which these are included. NiMH has high self-discharge and loses about 20 percent of its capacity within the first 24 hours, and 10 percent per month thereafter. We can get lithium batteries for our Roombas without these limitations, and that they will last at least twice as long, do not discharge fast, and will have longer battery life. The Lithium is called the iRobot Extended Life, or Xlife. They sell for about seventy nine dollars. I have some other lithium batteries that are four years old and still going strong, so while the initial cost is more, they don't have to be replaced. Compatible with the following models: iRobot Roomba 510 iRobot Roomba 530 iRobot Roomba 535 iRobot Roomba 540 iRobot Roomba 550 iRobot Roomba 560 iRobot Roomba 570 iRobot Roomba 580 iRobot Roomba 610 iRobot Roomba 760 iRobot Roomba 770 iRobot Roomba 780
3899 It works as designed, but is very hard on good blades. Diamond sharpeners take off a lot of metal from your blades, then add a motor and you are quickly taking a serious amount of blade away. I have now retired this to the garage for sharpening garden tools and cutters, and now only use ceramic hand operated knife sharpeners such as the Spydero triangle sharpening system. Removes very little metal from my high dollar blades, and gets them much sharper than this ever could.
3900 Solid built Voltmeter that is also an Ammeter Ohmmeter.  Not for measuring voltage above 600V. Requires one nine volt battery for operation that is included. Ranges of 120VAC, 240VAC, 480VAC, and 600VAC and of 120VDC, 240VDC, and 600VDC Unit has audible and visual (LED) indication of voltage levels Comes with test leads and manual. Manual is very basic btw.
3901 Seals very tight. If you are coming from flupperware or similar it will be a little bit of a departure. You have to do a little work sometimes to break the seal. They do stain a little with tomato sauce, but not that big of a deal. Will scrub clean if you want to put that kind of time into it though, about ten solid minutes with the scotch pad thing. UPDATE 7-9-2013  Still going strong and use them all the time.
3902 Installation was quick and easy. The old filter was a year old and was pretty dirty so it was past time. Once the filter was replaced the Tornado operated much quieter and more efficiently. I could tell the air flow coming out was greater. Perfect fit.
3903 The original and still the best.  I have tried several other brands, but nothing really compares does it.
3904 I have had one of these for asome time now and so far I am pleased with the detector. I am familure with the nest brand, and have current and previous models of the nest thermostat that I love using. This is the second generation model. Previous model was pulled due to "hush" problem.  We have all had the Cheapo smoke detectors that die or chirp incessantly. With this detector you can monitor and silence chirps from tablet or phone. They make this battery version as well as a hard wired model.  Nest claims that the 6 Energizer Ultimate Lithium AA batteries (L91) installed in the battery-only version, are designed to last 5 years under ordinary usage.  In addition to its standard alarm sound, It speaks to you with a human voice. It tells you what the problem is and where it is so you know what to do. And if you have more than one Nest Protect, they can speak up at the same time even if your Wi-Fi network is down.  Connecting to your Wi-Fi network and setting them up with your Ios (apple) or Android device is painless. If you have more than one Nest Protect in your home, they will connect to the others automatically.  While not as useful as Nest thermostat,it is a smarter smoke and carbon monoxide detector.
3905 This review is for the MiPow 5000mAh  Power Bank Portable External Battery Pack Charger  Ultra slim power bank with an internal 5000mAh lithium ion battery. Battery is recharged with the included micro usb cable.  Bank is made of anodized aluminum that comes in gold. The finish is very appealing, and is matte finish as not to show scratches and signs of use.  Has four led's that let you know how much juice is in it.  To use just plug your devices charge cable into the standard USB outlet, then push the button to activate the battery. Sample provided for review
3906 This review is for the KMASHI UV Flashlight 100 LED Light Pets Urine Stains Detector Blacklight  The is UV black light that was provided for review works as described, except for the water resistant part. It has no o rings or seals so it can't resist very hard if you know what i mean.  I would rate this at about three and a half stars. The quality is not the best, but it is in fact the brightest hand held UV that I have come across.  It works well and I was able to locate pet stains everywhere they were. After throwing up at what I found, I then called the carpet cleaners.
3907 Yes Epson Ink is the most expensive now, and the printers are ink hogs. They do things that waste ink as well with auto head cleaning or clearing. This is a substantial printer not only in its quality of print but in its big footprint. This is the third Epson that I have owned in the XP line. This one is replacing a well used xp 800 that has done well for a few years now and is due for a rest as a backup in another room. The main cool features I think is the huge touchscreen which is larger than any epson before it. Screen is very responsive as well. Makes great pictures
3908 This review is for the Flanders PrecisionAire 70701.011420 Swiffer Extreme Dust Air Filter (12 Pack), 14 x 20 x 1"  I think I have tried about every different kind of filter out there to help get rid of allergy producing dust, pollen and pet dander.  I have three animals in the household not counting the kids.  The extreme filters I have tried cut down so much on airflow that they cause more of a problem that they are worth. And the cost of those filters are just crazy high.  This one solves the problem by using their swiffer duster design, by electrostatic ally charging the fibers in the filter to trap stuff instead of making the filter harder for air to flow through.  Works great
3909 I like this light much more than I thought I would. It is a nice size for storage (closed) and extends to reveal all of the led lights, thirty in all, not including the torch led on the top. The base has two heavy duty magnets that will hold this light at any angle when stuck to something metal. Light output ranges from eighty to two hundred lumens which is pretty good for a light that is designed to illuminate immediate area and is this compact. Runs on three double a batteries included. Run time 5 hours at full power 200 lumens, 9 hours at 80 lumens.
3910 Wish it was just a little bigger to get closer to the bottom end of some bottles. Other than that it works as described. It will take some practice to get the hang of perfect cut edges though. Like one reviewer said there are some good YouTube videos that do help quite a bit. Fun project tool.
3911 I purchased the 16gb version of this flash drive and so far i like it a lot. The speeds are quite acceptable. I moved a 70 gb photo file to it in no time. Fast access as well. I have limited amount of space on my laptop so I use this to keep things moving along without bogging down my macbook pro. When you plug it in there is a bright blue light and when you transfer data the blue blinks. USB extends with a flick of your thumb. Also I was able to format in several different styles easily. No problems whatsoever. Wish I had another one.
3912 Be sure and water twice a day for two weeks, no matter what. My soil is pretty compacted so I was concerned that it wouldn't take. Germination was fast and all I did was water. Sprouts took off with no problems. Could not have been easier.... Unless bag walked itself out into the yard and self exploded into the proper area... baring that I am very pleased with the results so far.
3913 This comes three to a package. Sturdy construction. Good design. The only one that is better (but larger) is the speed lever by crank brothers. I keep the Park Levers on my bike at all times.
3914 Good light, and very bright, but the reflector is not as precise as other manufacturers such as fenix and nitecore. The beam while very bright is not as uniform as the aforementioned. Light does function well, but is a tad overpriced. Twist on and off function works well, and light should last long term.
3915 The one I got was bent although the box was perfect and was packaged very well with cardboard and foam. The holes that are drilled in to the rail are at 17 1/2 spacing, so they will not fit a standard home with 16 inch stud spacing. Like I said one end of the rail was bent in a curve about the seven inch mark.
3916 No problems here. Got it for my heart rate monitor and they communicate with no problems. Would have gave it 5 stars if it appeared more sturdy. Windows loaded it with no effort. Very short range
3917 Review is for Don't Get A Job, Live Your Dream: 7 Important Reasons To Live Your Dream Today and Effective Strategies You Can Implement Now  This is an exceptional book on basically how to live life to its fullest.  It is also one of those books that you can go back and read and pick up more that is helpful each time you go though it.  It is an easy read with concepts that are truly helpful, and many points about pitfalls to avoid.  This should be required reading for anyone graduating high school.  The author does a good job of showing the reader what is required to live an exceptional life, have more freedom, and help others while doing rewarding work.  This a a book that you would want to have a note pad handy to write down your thoughts as you read. This really makes you think, and if you don't write things down you will forget them just like they never happened.
3918 Very stylish bottle and the water tastes very fresh and clean. Artesian water from VOSS-source and that the bottling is done at Vatnestrm - a small community within the Iveland municipality. The Iveland municipality accesses the same source (the VOSS source) to deliver water to approximately 45 households at the small Vatnestrm community through its own isolated system. The municipality treats and chlorinates the spring water, VOSS leaves it natural. Voss is bottled by Voss of Norway ASA, a Norwegian Limited Company headquartered in Oslo and New York City. Goes iconic cylindrical glass and now plastic addition bottle was designed by Neil Kraft.
3919 Bulletproof build quality. Very cool metal earbuds. Very distinctive with a strong clear sound. Sound quality per dollar is amazing. Nice packaging as well.
3920 This synonym finder from Rodale is much easier to use than a Roget-style thesaurus. Who would have thought that a health related publisher would have such a helpful word reference book.
3921 This one year through the Bible by David Veerman is one of the best daily devotionals that I have come across.  Always timely and helpful when you need it, and you know what I mean.  Easy to read and understand
3922 I had a bunch of nasty thorny bushes that I could not even get close to that I lassoed with a slip not then yanked the crap out of them with the Smittybilt 29312b attached to my Toyota FJ. I then pulled out some old stumps and some huge fence and fence posts on the side of a hill that were buried in concrete by some crazy person who had the property before me. No other method I could think of would have the possibility of working and the pro guys with bobcats estimate was over a thousand dollars. I even had all four wheels of the FJ spinning on a concrete drive yanking and that is some kind of force.  All in all I am impressed with this Hitch, and recommend it.
3923 This is a great set for gardening. They are pretty tough if you don't abuse them and put too much stress on them. The long weeder can bend if you really lean on it. It will bend back, but it has its limits. The great thing other than the ergonomic feel is that they are non rusting aluminum. I got my set seven years ago at tuesday morning store here locally. I also have some of the long hand tools.
3924 Free Sample. This is a nice apron for anyone into the Transformers. When you are ready for some serious grilling. Material is resistant to spills so that is helpful, as I am not the most graceful griller. This is not a standard size, and is a sport version which is shorter / does not go down your legs. Material: 100% Polyester
3925 Was great the first year. Then the non stick material separated at the top edge all around the pan. Now at the two year mark the non stick properties have left the non stick material. We shall see how the company does with their warranty which is supposed to be lifetime.
3926 This set by Hotpdr is a pointless dent repair kit for small dents in sheet metal. While not for big dents this does work on small ones. The sample that I received to review consists of one double hammer, plastic and rubber head, and five white very hard plastic chisel / dent smackers.  The ends of the chisel smackers range from rounded to pointed. I have a hammer like the one that comes in the kit. Oddly enough I paid more for the hammer long ago that for what they are selling this whole set for.
3927 Three pack of the ISO Active fluoride formulae. This will go a long way towards your goal of a pain free mouth. Active Ingredients - Potassium Nitrate 5% - Purpose - Antihypersensitivity. Sodium Fluoride 0.15% w/v Fluoride Ion - Anticavity. Inactive Ingredients Water, Sorbitol, Hydrated Silica, Glycerin, Flavor, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Saccharin, Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Sodium Hydroxide.
3928 This set of two straps gets five stars. The quality is good, and the price is good. Each strap measures 1.5" width 110" length straps with double cross stitching so it won't be coming loose because of poor stitching. Straps are adjustable by doing more wraps around the pole or tree. Simple to use. Comes with s hooks. I would not use those and get some carabiners to make it a little more secure. Will not damage trees.
3929 The reason we got the roomba was that we have two welsh corgi's that are simply fur explosions. They walk through a room shedding. They come in from outside and shake like crazy with fur going everywhere. You can vacume and a few hours later its like you never did.  I was very skeptical about the roomba but was ready to try anything to help. We have wood floors and the roomba doesnt miss anything. It is intresting to see what it picks up when you empty the bin, you just cant imagine all that stuff on your floor. My daughter looked at it cleaning and said "that is the most lazy thing I have ever seen". I have gotten several comments like that about my clean house and my robot; all from those who never clean and aren't quite sure where or what a vacume cleaner is. We love this thing and you will too.   It comes with a remote control so you can chase your animals through the house as they shed. They aren't thrilled about the roomba :), but they understand.
3930 This review is for the Vita Flex Accel Lifetime Health and Wellness Formula Horse Supplement, 5 lb tub  Horses really like the taste and eat it quickly. Lots of good ingredients, especially for older horses.  Here is a list of ingredients since there are none listed on Amazon description at the time of this review  ngredients Statement: Alfalfa Meal Dehydrated, Soybean Flour, Calcium Carbonate, Monocalcium Phosphate, Dicalcium Phosphate, Potassium Chloride, Potassium Sulfate, Magnesium Sulfate, Magnesium Oxide, Dried Cane Molasses, Dried Whey Protein Concentrate, Maltodextrin, Dried Whey, Dried Skim Milk Dehydrated, DL-Methionine, Vitamin A Acetate, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Vitamin E Supplement, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (source of Vitamin K activity), Ascorbic Acid, Vitamin B12 Supplement, Biotin, Calcium Pantothenate, Choline Chloride, Folic Acid, Niacin Supplement, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Riboflavin Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Cobalt Proteinate, Copper Proteinate, Ethylenediamine Dihydriodide, Saccharomyces Cerevisiae, Iron Proteinate, Manganese Proteinate, Sodium Selenite, Zinc Proteinate, Dried Aspergillus Niger Fermentation Extract, Dried Trichoderma Longibrachiatum Fermentation Extract, Dried Bacillus Subtilis Fermentation Extract, Dried Enterococcus Faecium Fermentation Product Dehydrated, Dried Lactobacillus Acidophilus Fermentation Product, Dried Lactobacillus Fermentum Fermentation Product, Dried Bifidobacterium Longum Fermentation Product, Dried Lactobacillus Casei Fermentation Product, Dried Lactobacillus Plantarum Fermentation Product, Dried Pediococcus Acidilacticii, Fermentation Product, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Mineral Oil.
3931 This review is for the BUMB 9 USB Drive case/Universal organize case  This is a very well made case for your flash drives.  Zipper works well and is smooth in operation. The ten slots for your drives fit them snugly so that they won't fall out when traveling.  Mesures 7.1" x 4.3" x 1.2" for the sample provided for review purposes
3932 I have used a bunch of different screen protectors. The ones I mainly used were the adhesive type like zagg and its competitors. I end up after awhile just ripping them off either iphone or iPad and going "naked" as they bubble, turn yellow, tear, come part way off and cloud.  This cover for my iPad 6 Plus is one piece glass that goes on much easier than any of the mentioned protectors above. You must prepare your ipad by using the supplied cleaning towelette. Use longer than you think is needed. I left a small something on my screen that showed up. Unlike adhesive protectors you can carefully remove this and clean and start over.  Once the film is removed from the side of glass that goes on iPhone it sucks / adhears itself to ipad glass, kind of cool watching as You press more and more of cover to iPad. There is no messy sticky adhesive like this other screen covers of old.  You must start with it aligned properly and all is well. I am typing this review on my iPad with the glass installed. I am impressed. Crystal clear and just as responsive as if it was bare. Same slick feel, and easy to clean. I have this one on my iPhone 6 Plus, and a big one on my iPad Air. Just be sure not to bend in the least because they are still glass.
3933 Very high powered six port usb powebank and charger. The sample that I received for review was able to charge multiple devices at the same time. I charged two iPads and two iPhones at once, and it performed flawlessly.
3934 Amazon is the only place that I can find these. The blue potatoes have a distinctive natural flavor, as well as having more fiber and a lower glycemic index so there is less of a blood sugar spikes to add to your waist line. Taste great. These are the ones that were served on Jet Blue airlines.
3935 I have read and reviewed a lot of so called self help books. For the most part they are very abstract, and while you can pick up at least something helpful from almost any one of them, they are not what I would consider Jewels. The premise of this book while some may consider simplistic is presented in a real life sort of application way. If you take what the author is saying to you to heart, like I have done, it is going to be impossible to not have it improve your life if you actually put into any action whatsoever. Baby steps to a better you. This is hands down the best book I have ever read on the psychology and what it takes to break or develop a habit. The information is brought together from various sources and studies into one place. While not in super depth as far as source material, it gives you enough to get you going. If you were to read only one book on forming or busting habits this is one of your best options. I have read several other books on habits like I said (The power of habit), but the way they are presented is a bit overwhelming, or could just not relate it to my life even though the book is quite good  The phrase less is more and keep it simple for the best results comes to mind. This just works. But you just can't sit there. Action is a must.
3936 Make sure you receive the original Ameribag HBB with tags. Some sellers may be substituting. This is an extra small bag, and it will not hurt your shoulders to carry for long durations. This is a very unique bag. It looks great being carried by men or women. Thin and light is a good thing. Especially if you are walking a long way. I have a Timbuktu classic messenger bag that I also use for traveling, but it can be very large at times. You could use one of those as a complete weekender or school book bag. Like Goldilocks this one is just right.
3937 This version beats the price of the 2012 with practically all of the features. There are several things you should note before you make your decision. If you have used quickbooks before then you know the drill. If not.  1. Its much more difficult than Quicken the other intuit product.  2. Quickbooks does not play nice with other intuit products.  3. Intuit service blows if you ever have to call them, and they try to upsell you at every turn to squeeze a buck out of you. Just be ready.  While Quickbooks Pro 2011 is a great business software,  it does take a lot of time to get things inputed and setup, then the learning curve. You will like the vast array of features that QuickBooks Pro 2011 provided, and the ease of use of some areas of the program, but others I found to be lacking.  You are not allowed or able to import your financials from Quickbooks into Turbo Tax (also an Intuit product).  Quicken still has most the import features, sticking to that for now. As always if you have any questions just ask.
3938 Not loose fitting at all. I have had wrangler carpenter shorts before and these have a different fit to them. The are much longer, and fit tighter in the legs. Other than that they are pretty much the dorky looking shorts of yesteryear. Great for working around the house and painting. Not a fashion statement in case you were wondering about wearing them out to gatherings.
3939 First this mouse may not be best for smaller hands. It is very ergonomic and feels like it was molded to your hand, or at least someones hand as it is a little on the larger side of mouse land. Every button on the mouse is programmable. You have all the standard buttons - left, right, and middle mouse buttons, as well as two buttons pre-programmed to forward and back - but even these can be reprogrammed via Logitech's utility program. Every single button on this mouse is programable to whatever function you need. Tracking is flawless and much faster than I could skip around trying to get it to fail at its task. Uses a standard battery or rechargeable. Overkill for most people, perfect for those that need serious gaming ability.
3940 This review is for the Panasonic NN-SD945S Countertop/Built-In Microwave with Inverter Technology, 2.2 cu. ft. , Stainless  I had the version before this in a smaller Panasonic oven, and was not impressed. Ended up returning it.  The door was funky the way it opened, and was too small.  This one does not have the issues of old.  Door is smooth, and the inverter features work wonderfully.  I don't understand how it does it seeing your food thing, but it does it well.  I like appliances that are advanced yet I don't have to read a ton to get it working.  Very intuitive in its settings. Only question is in its longevity, so we shall see.  Sides are painted silver, not stainless. Looks good.
3941 This is a decent cable for charging three Apple equipped devices at once. The cable and connectors are of good quality, and I was able to connect multiple devices at the same time for charging. I charged two iPhones and iPad
3942 For the money this is a very good choice in a sport fanny pack. It is comfortable and will hold a lot of stuff. Keep in mind though that this is not a forty dollar maxpedition when you receive it and you won't be disappointed. Very light weight.  The waist strap has belt keepers so that excess belt does not just flop around. Nice look to it with the black and red.
3943 The Trendnet TEW 753 unit is much faster and more powerful that Trendnets other access points, but it comes at about double the price. I had tested two of the TEW-653AP that were needed to cover the desired area of use with no dead spots. Ended up replacing both of those with one of these access points. Very pleased with the results.
3944 This review is for the NUTRO Small Breed Adult Petite Eats Wet Dog Food  Both my pups think this is pretty tasty stuff.  They eat it very fast and look around to make sure no other dogs are attempting to take it from them.  That pretty much says it all right there.  No complaints from anyone. Convenient packaging with little mess.
3945 These chunks are big so you know. Skippy Natural has become my favorite natural peanut butter. I eat it on toast almost every day. High in protein, low in everything else. Does not separate like the fresh ground natural peanut butter so you don't have to deal with that mess of string and getting the peanut oil all over you and everything else. Comes in creamy and chunky. Tastes better than Jif natural.
3946 Not only works on metal, but on plastics too. I had used semichrome brand for years prior to the introduction of flitz. While the semichrome got the job done I feel flitz has some superior properties that make for a smoother finish and ease of use. Have used on metals and plastics.
3947 Use several of these in the garage to clip things to metal wire shelves. Quick release works great, and the spring tension keeps them closed as it should. Not for load bearing. I also use them to clip things to vehicles hand rails and handle bars. Countless ideas for use.
3948 This review is for the GIGI Memory Foam Car Neck Pillow Comfortable Pillow Car Headrest - Black  For some reason when I looked at the pictures I could not tell, or did not notice that it had a strap system for holding the pillow on your vehicle headrest, so when it came I was pleasantly surprised.  The rear strap is adjustable, and has a quick release click buckle made of plastic.  The pillow itself comes with a removable washable cover. The entire setup is very well executed, and is high quality all the way.  Pillow offers lots of support and is made of memory foam so it supports and keeps your neck cool like memory foam is designed to do.  I am using mine right now for a chair that reclines. There is never enough head support for when you are reclining and watching netlix or amazon video. I had been using an ugly bed pillow that looked just hideous, and that I had to hide when anyone came over it looked that bad.  This pillow looks modern and sleek, so no more hiding. It also works much better. Review sample provided
3949 At last a bluetooth speaker that has a carabiner so you can clip it to you, or a backpack, or a tree limb, or anything really. Super portable. The sample that I received for review is super well built with rubber armor. Not only does it sound great, it is rugged and looks cool. Easily paired to my IOS device, and was up and running. Good clean volume. Battery lasts longer than I want to listen to anything at one time.
3950 Rating and reviewing perfumes and colognes has got to be one of the more challenging endeavors. How to describe a scent. How it smells worn. How it lasts. Who will it appeal to. Who will it not appeal to. This is a more of a heavy sent. Flowery with some fruit. semi complex. Flowery with a musky finish. Could be overpowering. Makes a statement. Too much will definitely be a bad thing for sure. . Use sparingly and you will be good during the summer.
3951 This I must say is a cool design. I have used many clippers in a non professional capacity from both wall and andis in animal and people hair versions. I currently us the pro andis rotary people clipper. The first thing that stands out is the feel. All old style pro cutters were like holding a large two d cell flash that just happened to cut hair. Your hand and wrist would fatigue quickly, and if it was the older non rotary motor you would still feel the buzz after turning it off.  This new ergonomic wahl has non of those issues. It is smaller and lighter with a form that's curvy and fits your hands. Wahl did all that while keeping all the power. When you get into thick thick hair that should bog down any clipper it somehow senses the need for more speed and keeps the rpm constant. This a great design that not only has good form, but functions flawlessly. Five stars
3952 This review is for the eBoot Mini Rectangle Chalkboard Label 5 x 6.5 Inch Black Board for Message Board Signs, Set of 10  This is a cute and handy set of mini chalk boards. Note: Use real chalk not chalk markers.  Great for letting people know where to sit at gatherings and dinners.  I am using these as little notes attached to gifts for a real personal touch. Everyone is super impressed with them, as am I. Sample provided for review, but yeah I would fork out my cash for them
3953 My kids did not have any fleas that I could tell, although they were scratching like crazy. They have some thick thick hair.  I had them shaved for the summer so I could see what was up, and guard against any critters. After the bath and shave I applied this triple guard formula and sent them out on their way.  It has been five days and have not had a single flea anywhere. I have had problems with them bringing them inside to the indoor kitty who was not amused by this transgression. Triple guard is working fair in my opinion.  After three weeks we had a few fleas on them
3954 Top notch filter set, Upstart makes some of the best aftermarket parts for Roombas. This is for the 630
3955 14.40V Capacity: 3300mAh Color: Grey Dimension: 173.40 x 51.10 x 52.70 mm || Rate: 48.00 Wh No. of cell: 4 Weight: 779.00 g  This battery works well in my Roomba. The price was right at the time of this review. You can never find a replacement battery locally so Amazon is almost always the best bet.  This battery has lasted over two years. Here is a list of the compatible Robot Roombas it will fit.  Compatible Part Number:  17373, 40901, 4978  IROBOT:  Irobot Roomba Series:  Roomba 400, Roomba 4000, Roomba 405  Roomba 410, Roomba 4100, Roomba 4105  Roomba 4110, Roomba 4130, Roomba 415  Roomba 4150, Roomba 416, Roomba 4160  Roomba 4162, Roomba 4170, Roomba 418  Roomba 4188, Roomba 4199, Roomba 4210  Roomba 4220, Roomba 4225, Roomba 4230  Roomba 4232, Roomba 4240, Roomba 4250  Roomba 4260, Roomba 4270, Roomba 4275  Roomba 4296, Roomba 4299, Roomba 4300  Roomba 440, Roomba 4905, Roomba 5105  Roomba 5210, Roomba Create, Roomba Dirt Dog  Roomba Discovery, Roomba Discovery SE,  Roomba ProRoomba Pro Elite,  Roomba Intelligent Robotic M-288,  Roomba Intelligent Robotic M-288A,  Roomba Intelligent Robotic M-288B,  Roomba Pink Ribbon, Roomba Red,  Roomba Sage, Roomba Scheduler  iTouchless AV Series:  iTouchless AV001A, iTouchless AV002A  M-ROBOT:  M-Robot M-488, M-Robot M-288
3956 Works great with my 4k applications with Sony and epson UHD televisions. No issues and priced right.
3957 Simple human anodized aluminum highly adjustable shower caddy from Simplehuman. Made of anodized aluminum and stainless steel wire shelves. The shelves adjust from side to side and up and down. Very cool looking. Have heard of rust issues, none as of yet. Will update if it rusts.
3958 This is great for large birds. I use this for turkeys at family gatherings. Keeps everything warm and moist. I can't imagine a large cookout without one of these. The Rival has held up well, and is easy to transport. You really can't beat this for the price.
3959 Really like the gold and silver. Used for a party and they came out very vibrant. Color will depend some on the surface. They are liquid so be sure and keep the lid on.
3960 These can't go in old dishwashers, but they can go in all new ones as they don't have the heating elements of old due to energy star regulations on new appliances.  This is my second time I have used a utensil made by Deiss. The other one is a peeler that I still love after two years of use. This set is no exception as they are great to use and very well made. The handles on all of them are nice and long to keep your paws away from heat and burning steam. They feel good in your hand in my testing of the sample I received for review.
3961 This rest is so hard that not only will your wrist not rest it will have blood flow issues. It takes very little pressure to disrupt blood flow at elbow and wrist points so you may not notice it right away or attribute it to something else like your hand going to sleep from too much mouse, yeah thats it too much mouse couldn't be the wrist pad. I couldn't even stand this thing for two minutes it's just that hard.   It is heavy enough that you can toss it in the waste basket (basket ball style) from great distance. I have proven that, swoosh. Though its not what it was designed for it works great for that. I ended up getting two of the bucky style (little beads inside soft material like a pillow) to use instead and they work great with no blood loss of flow and no wrist fatigue.  Also as it ages the ends curl up, and nobody's got time for that,  Here is the one to get with some great reviews. The 3m compact wrist rest  http://www.amazon.com/3M-Leatherette-Antimicrobial-Protection-MW309LE/dp/B001A1UX0U/ref=sr_1_6?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1400041588&sr=1-6&keywords=3m+wrist+rest
3962 The sample that I received for review was in black and fits according to the manufactures sizing chart. The only thing I did not care for was the Faux leather belt closure which is very very thin material that makes a good looking shawl collar sweater appear kind of cheap. They could have done a better job on that, or just left it off all together. I am going to just remove it and use a belt that I own. Looks good on.
3963 First I imported the three cd's into itunes and put it on my ipod / iphone so I could listen on the go. There is a booklet in the cd pack that has some basic information and some illustrations to help you get started. The bottom line on the program is that like the authors other books / cd's teach you to be more focused and mindful of the movements that you are making and why. Posture and purpose and alignment. While not rocket science it is still science and you will be experiementing to get the techniques to work for you.  You will need to listen through a couple of times to pick up everything you nedd to get going on track. This can be confusing, but take baby steps and don't get all stressed about getting everything right the first time. You have all the time in the world and its not a competition, and there is no pop quiz at the end. You don't have to be in great shape as it is just walking and concentrating.
3964 Nice slim design. Works well with led lights that lets you know its working properly. Two telephone outlets are protected. Two outlets, one on each side so your cords don't stick straight out. Makes for a clean wall mount tv installation, or discrete looking for when its just in a low wall outlet. Have several of them around the house doing their job and have not had a single problem.
3965 Natural peach pear flavor. No additives or preservatives. No calories
3966 Good replacement choice. Here is some more iRobot battery choice info. The original old iRobot battery was a NiCd battery which has fallen from favor for environmental reasons. Most all NiCd batteries have been replaced by NiMH batteries, of which these are included. NiMH has high self-discharge and loses about 20 percent of its capacity within the first 24 hours, and 10 percent per month thereafter. We can get lithium batteries for our Roombas without these limitations, and that they will last at least twice as long, do not discharge fast, and will have longer battery life. The Lithium is called the iRobot Extended Life, or Xlife. They sell for about seventy nine dollars. I have some other lithium batteries that are four years old and still going strong, so while the initial cost is more, they don't have to be replaced. Compatible with the following models: iRobot Roomba 510 iRobot Roomba 530 iRobot Roomba 535 iRobot Roomba 540 iRobot Roomba 550 iRobot Roomba 560 iRobot Roomba 570 iRobot Roomba 580 iRobot Roomba 610 iRobot Roomba 760 iRobot Roomba 770 iRobot Roomba 780
3967 This review is for the David Archy 4 Pack Men's Fast Dry Ultra Light Free Cutting Boxer Briefs  Very thin mesh that dries super fast. Great for outdoors and traveling where you can hand launder and hang dry.  Only downside is that the thin waist band constantly flips over and rolls.
3968 12000mAh power in a very small package. Mainly will use as backup for just in case, and to charge the plethora of Idevices that always need juiced up. Great for outings, picnics, and camping when you just can't give up your Facebook addiction in the wild. Well built and does not get too hot when discharging. That can be a problem with some battery packs. A lot of power, but can recharge multiple iPhones and tablets fully
3969 The tea is very flavorful. I am a tea lover and was excited when the company wanted me to review tis set. I was expecting something cheap and toy like, but I was wrong. These are well made, and also hand made Porcelain Teapot, with four Porcelain Teacups. The zipper case is nylon and surrounds a semi soft bare gray foam that is cutout to form perfectly to the Teapot and Teacups. They sit on a bamboo tray with finished edges. They are the cutest thing. Great for an emergency tea break. Would make a great impression if you whipped these out on an impromptu pick nick.
3970 Simple human makes some unique luxury items. Items that add beauty of design wherever you place them. Yes they do cost more, you just have to ask yourself if these products add to your home life. We all have had the ugly trash cans that are a necessary thing, yet an eye sore. Now we have choices. I choose no more eye sores. Even people who could care less about how such things look, stop talking long enough when they are over to mention, Hey cool trash can, before going on with their conversation.  This one is now my fourth simple human can in my home. This new one is a little higher quality than the older ones, so there is no they don't make them like they used to thoughts. It's a little more streamlined with there being no inner bucket, and no more running to the pantry to get liners as there is a new built in pocket for a pack of them. You can use standard cheap liners if you don't want to use simplehumans or can't find good prices on them. By the way the best prices are usually eBay online, or bed bath and beyond where you can use that 20% off coupon they send out making them the same price as glad or hefty liners. I am happy with this new look of high quality stainless that matches my appliances. No more extra steps to get to the hidden trash can.
3971 This is a beautifully designed appliance. It looks cool. It's very modern and minimalist looking reminiscent of a good Apple product. It's not just a pretty face either, it puts out the humidity. The manual shows the filling of the reservoir from a regular water tap. It apparently does not call for distilled water only unless you want to avoid the white mist dust, which is water minerals. Filling up was a easy, and the tank mouth is wide. Even full it weights very little if that is of concern. The tank capacity is 1.32 gallons, with an output of 14 ounces per hour of use. This is the smaller version from this manufacturer, the other being two gallons. I am thankful to come across this humidifier, and have tossed my old limping Sunbeam W Mart model.
3972 Like some of the others I received a gold plated watch instead of the advertised two tone. Be that as it may, the watch is quite nice looking. It is a quite large watch, and the band is very long, so you will most likely have to remove some links as I did. This process is the same as most sport watches. Keeps good time. Immersed in water vis swimming and it suffered no ill effects. Chrono features work flawlessly.
3973 I have used this for seven years on a wall mounted led television. The televisions come and go, (updating) but the protector remains vigilant and the same. Thankfully we haven't had anything more than minor brownouts and minimal surges from power coming back on after storms. Handles all well.
3974 Not the end all diet or workout routine for everyone, but an excellent introduction for a more healthy lifestyle. This is a real common sense diet, which makes it easy to plan meals at home, and order at restaurants. The Abs system doesn't have any counting points or have any rules to remember. I found it super easy to follow, and you will start to see results with a few weeks. That being said if you aren't prepared to do the excercise portion of this diet it is very unlikely that you will lose any weight - as it is designed to provide your body with fuel for those workouts.
3975 This pizza cutter works well and is sharp so you don't have to press too hard. It is simple and easy to clean, and has a very sharp blade.  Works well Sample provided for review.
3976 I have been using this since 2010 with the battery that came with it, along with a backup battery that I purchased a couple of weeks later. I did not expect to like this tool so much, but it has proven to be a reliable friend in many a project. Several of those projects were those where everyone said I needed an air nailer. I have a compressor and all that but I did not want to deal with all the hassle of setup, moving around, and the noise since I was in confined rooms / spaces. I can count the jams that I have encountered on one hand in five years of use. Getting ready to start another project this weekend with this fine tool.
3977 The story of Grace is a very touching and thoughtful adventure. The colorful illustrations add the the overall artistic nature of the book and story line.
3978 While Fodors are always top quality, this one is more subjective. Some people will no doubt wonder why the cities were chosen at all. I'm guessing majority of folks will hate a few trip suggestions and tolerate a few then might like am few more. Simply said you aren't going to be satisfied.
3979 Book is very entertaining as well as interesting. Has some great history and examples of monumental successes and goes into detail on the circumstances surrounding those successes. Author has some very unique observational view points that are ammusing to say the least. Agree with the authors points or not his books are very thought provoking I think everyone would agree, even those who don't  like the book for whatever reason.
3980 This is a great bag. I researched all the different bags and sizes and settled on the medium size. It will fit any laptop, it will hold a ton of stuff until it gets very heavy. Great for travel. Thinking about getting a small one to go along with it for daily treks with the iPad, gear bag, and other essential items without looking like a girl purse. Friends comment at how large my medium is.
3981 I had no problem installing the test sample provided. It is made of actual glass so be carful not to bend it much when you put it on or it will shatter. I have shattered other brands while doing an install on my iPad so I found out the hard way. The glass is curved and tempered for strength. To install make sure you hands and the iPad screen is clean. Screen protector comes with alcohol towelettes to get all the oils off. You don't want any thing under the glass as it will really stand out and distract you.  Once installed you can't tell its even there when using your device, it is that clear. Finger response is not diminished at all.
3982 These are very tasty soy crisp chips. Very light on salt which is good. Low fat. Great taste! 10 g Pure soy protein! Only 70 calories per serving. Naturally delicious. Non GMO soy. One 1.3 oz. bag provides you with: 10 g Soy Protein, 25 mg Soy Isoflavones, 3 g Dietary Fiber, more Soy Protein than tofu or soy milk. Baked not fried.
3983 Deluxe Mixed nuts that don't have too many ingredients. With all the differences in the same thing you have to read the labels on each one before you buy. There are no less than seven daffiness kinds of plain dry roast Planters peanuts. Why they decided to put so many chemicals and additives into some is astonishing.  The key to good healthy peanuts is to read the label and choose the canister with the fewest ingredients. Its kind of a bite since the font on the labels is so small, but for our health that is what we must now do until Planters simplifies things by not adding junk to the nuts.
3984 This is a very fast router with capability of 1900mbps. I am always testing loads of different routers, and the biggest issue I had was range and stability.  The Asus RT-AC68U has been solid unit. I am most impressed with the range. But it should be good with three honkin antlers on top. With the unit in the command AV center of my home, (closet), I am able to walk to every corner of my lot (half acre) and receive a full or almost full signal with my iPad and iPhone. I am also very impressed with the level of customization and configuration using the web-based app.
3985 Kind of a bear to install. I used a little bucket to hold the film in while I scooted along the side of the car installing with the squedge. Took some time but I pushed out all the air bubles. some of the smaller ones will go away on thier own as the sun hits them. good thing is if you jack it up, you can pull it off and try again. works well once on against bugs rocks and road tar. I put it on the rocker panels of a white car, and behind the rear wheels instead of putting on some ugly mud flaps.
3986 This is a solid mount for your phone. I found that it mounted very firmly to the bar on my bike and held my phone tight over some pretty good bumps on the trail. highly adjustable and no tools required for mounting and un mounting. Mounting bracket has a soft gasket so it does not mark up the surface of your bike.
3987 For most reading this book they have heard of or read books by her Dad. Some agree with his viewpoints, some don't. The same can be said about this book as well. I have read many of her Dads books and look at them like this. Take what's useful and leave the rest. Your useful list will vary on your life and spiritual outlook / viewpoint. I did find the family stories interesting, as it gives some basis for how the beliefs outlined came into fruition. In the end any book that gives any of us peace in this hectic world is a good thing.  Here are the main focus points of the book. Have a mind that is open to everything and attached to nothing Dont die with your music still in you You cant give away what you don't have Embrace silence Give up your personal history You cant solve a problem with the same mind that created it There are no justified resentments Treat yourself as if you already are what youd like to be Treasure your divinity Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you  I enjoyed the book, as it truly ponts out many weak parts of ourselves that need our attention. The world beats us down enough we do not need to participate in that by negative thoughts about ourselves. Even if you picked just one of the talking points above and addressed a problem you are having. You have done something many will never do, and be a happier person for having done so.
3988 This is the plastic pet bottle. Very stylish bottle and the water tastes very fresh and clean. Artesian water from VOSS-source and that the bottling is done at Vatnestrm - a small community within the Iveland municipality. The Iveland municipality accesses the same source (the VOSS source) to deliver water to approximately 45 households at the small Vatnestrm community through its own isolated system. The municipality treats and chlorinates the spring water, VOSS leaves it natural.
3989 I have a go pro hero 4 and I cannot tell the difference in video quality when I play both back side by side. That is really saying something considering the obvious price differences here.  Having had experience with Go Pro cameras I was very skeptical that these offered for review by XPRO would even be able to compete. The picture quality itself is HD with good color and features. The test sample Camera is all encased in its protective housing that is clear and obviously built for water resistance.  You can control the camera from its metal buttons on the housing, or via wifi with a wrist controller, or via the android or IOS app. I found that all of them once you get the hang of things, works quite well.  This camera requires a micro-SD card and can handle up to a 64gb card, not included.
3990 This is not the original but the new whitening formula. Has a better flavor if the one was an issue. Hardens teeth with fluoride and sodium nitrate. If your mouth gums, or tounge get irritated, or sores pop up it may be time to switch to an SLS free toothpaste. Sodium Lauryl Sulfate is a foaming agent that's used in all non natural or non sensitive  toothpastes. It is a powerful irritant, and is a mouth culprit for pain, redness, and ulcers.  This will go a long way towards your goal of a pain free mouth.  Active Ingredients - Potassium Nitrate 5% - Purpose - Antihypersensitivity. Sodium Fluoride 0.15% w/v Fluoride Ion - Anticavity. Inactive Ingredients Water, Sorbitol, Hydrated Silica, Glycerin, Flavor, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Saccharin, Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Sodium Hydroxide.
3991 This is my second Mesa safe.  I ordered the other in the same size in a light color.  I wanted this to blend in more to a darker area.  Works as expected, and the price is cheaper than small gun or pistol safes.  Nice thick steel.
3992 This is one rugged power battery pack.  The outside is completely rubber armored.  I tested this by letting it ride un attended on the dash of my vehicle for a couple of weeks. It hit the sides of the truck. It hit the floor many times. It went out the door onto the concrete.  After all that it still works just like intended. It may cost more than comparable powered banks, but none of those can take this kind of beating.  Was able to charge iPad, and iPhones,easily on one charge
3993 This is one big wad of bungee cords. The quality is standard if you have ever held a bungee. Nothing extraordinary with plastic coated metal hooks. I have some modern bungees that you buy one at a time that are much better in every way than these, but the price for three of those and you have the cost of all of these. Another thing, where do bungees go. I cannot find any of mine right now. That is why I like this big bunch of bungees. Plenty of them and they all work. Lots of different sizes for what you have going on in your life. I use mine for all sorts of unusual things around the house and out in the vehicles. I just bungeed a huge picture frame on top of a car for transport. So many uses.
3994 This review is for the Tusen Jewelry Sports-Symbology NFL Tungsten Ring With Engraved America Football Stitching 8MM Size 7-13  It says sports symbol ring, I am thinking they meant football ring as it has ball stitching, and it is a manly looking ring. This could be any ball sport with a seam. It also could be a medical ring as the sticking looks like sutures.  It is made of carbide steel and is super hard. I was concerned that the engraving on the ring would get scratched, but in my tests of the sample received for review, no scratching has taken place. Looks even better in person.
3995 This is a comfortable and very good looking top that I found fits as expected. Drape look is very flattering on.  It is made of 94% cotton and 6% spandex. It is good quality material. and the design is modern and sleek. Sample provided for review
3996 The Belkin NetCam is better than nothing at all, but not that great either. This camera as its really not up to current standards of wifi cameras that are now available. I have both the Dropcam and Simplecam and they work great. Yeah they cost a little more, but they work, and won't drive you nuts with problems and poor images and static.
3997 Yes this costs a lot. I am not reviewing the price, but if it works as it should. We all know the pricers are high, and vary greatly from store to store. But if you have one, or need one and don't have one, you are glad you bought it, or wish you had one.  It works. It keeps my drink all iced with the lid that comes with it for hours on end. It also works great for hot beverages. It keeps my tea hot for three hours. The difference in the Yeti and others is that there are no seams. Its a perfectly sealed container. It is molded and not rolled.  I found the best place to get them is academy sports when they can keep them in stock. I paid twenty nine bucks for the twenty ounce. They also have the bog one for forty bucks, but those sell faster than the twenty. I went in one day and they had like fifty. Two days later there were four left.
3998 Be sure and check here on Amazon. Big pack of Ozarka spring water. Ozarka is a great tasting water on its own. My personal preference is to use it to make tea, as it does not add or detract from whatever tea you happen to be brewing. 100% Natural Spring Water comes from carefully selected spring sources and is captured at the source. The Ozarka Spring Water Company officially began in 1905, but its roots can be traced back for centuries. Prior to being bottled in the Ozark Mountains, in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, the site of the brands original source had long been considered sacred ground.  So the original source for Ozarka was Basin Spring, where Indian tribes, as well as those seeking health were drawn to the source for its healing properties. During the Civil War, the waters were used to care for soldiers. When the war ended, an even larger campaign to market the water began. Over time, the marvels of Eureka Springs became known throughout the state and quickly the town became a vacation destination. I go to Eureka several times a month, and I see the spring. It still produces, but very very little. The water is used for nearby plants and greenery.  Now to find the exact source of your Ozarka you must look on the container, as they use several. Most are natural springs throughout Texas, where they monitor quality and conservation constantly.  Well that was probably more than you ever wanted to know about Ozarka water.
3999 This could be a five star jerky. Not very healthy the way they did it. It has an ok flavor, but the beef is pretty low quality. The worst part is that it contains MSG which is toxic. The monosodium glutamate is known as an excito toxin that stimulates brain neurons until they die. This makes your brain think that the food tastes better than it actually does, so you like it better, eat more, and buy more. Contains 16 ingredients. Beef , Water , Corn Syrup Solids , Contains less than 22% of , Salt , Sugar , Soy Sauce Dried ( Soybeans , Salt , Wheat ) , Maltodextrin , Monosodium Glutamate , Sodium Erythorbate , Sodium Nitrate Nitrite , Soy Protein , Corn Hydrolyzed , and , Flavoring  nutrition facts Serving Size: 1 oz Servings Per Container: 3.5 amount per serving: calories: 80 calories from fat: 10 total calories per container: 280 total calories from fat: 35 % daily value* (DV) recommended (DV) total fat 1g 2% 65g saturated fat: 0g 0% 20g trans fat 0g polyunsaturated fat 0 g monounsaturated fat 0g cholesterol: 20mg 7% 300mg sodium: 590mg 39% 1,500mg potassium 0mg 0% 3,500mg total carbohydrate 3g 1% 300g dietary fiber: 0g 0% 25g sugars: 3g 12% 25g** protein 15g  Percent daily values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. If they just left out the garbage ingredients it would be so much better. How much would it save them to leave out some stuff.
4000 This review is for the MARIO BATALI SAUCE PASTA ARRABBIATA, 24 OZ by Mario Batali  Mario Batali makes some of the best red sauce you will find.  You also pay a premium for this sauce, usually three times higher than standard brands.  I have tried all of the different varieties he offers, and have not found one I didn't like
4001 While Mentos are the original chewy min, this spearmint flavor is their newest. It has a nice fresh spearmint flavor of natural mint that is naturally settling for your stomach. Each one lasts around 10 minutes depending on how hard you chew at it. While I do like the new spearmint, the original is my favorite still. Always a better bargain to buy in multi packs.
4002 These are the small baby bottles of Dasani you are looking at. I don't know why but the smaller the water bottle the more they cost. Just doesn't make much sense to me. Great size for on the go. Cheaper in local stores than online due to shipping. Great taste without the Fiji water price Ingredients in order are purified water, magnesium sulfate, potassium chloride, and salt. Bottles are made of recycled materials so you know.
4003 This review is for the Inateck 13-13.3 Inch Macbook Air/ Macbook Pro / Pro Retina Sleeve Case Cover Protective Bag Ultrabook Netbook Carrying Case Briefcases for 13" Macbook Air, MacBook Pro (Retina), Dark Gray  This is a great looking case that is so much different looking than the plethora of other generic cases on the market.  This fits my pro perfectly and has a class act look to it.  Very nice fit and finish, and the materials are soft to the touch. Sample provided for review
4004 Looking at the varied reviews on what features this cover has and does not have leads me to believe that Belkin has done changes while in production. One review stated that the sides are completely covered. I believe the review, yet my case has access to the right side of the iPad for mute and volume controls. So they fixed that one. But why would it even need to happen. The materials feel like an attempt at leather that feel more like cardboard. The case looks better than it feels. The feature that is just not there and kills this case is no smart cover activation. The case even is held closed with magnets, so how hard could it have been to put the magnets in the correct postion to activate this feature. Two stars for doing what it does, protect the ipad from damage. Would protect in a drop. Not total crap, just not worth paying money for. If you got it as a gift it would be acceptable until you found what would satisfy your needs. My review is to look elsewhere.
4005 I have had this exact unit that I got from Amazon warehouse deals here on Amazon. Its been going strong for four years now with not a single problem. One thing I like most is that it is smooth and quiet. Very powerful, nothing bogs down the motor.
4006 Very bright little lights. Not a big fan of the new feature on many imported lights of zooming to change the light pattern from throw to flood. The samples that I received were black, blue and silver colored. The tail switch is the click kind, and is known as tactical switch. Almost bright as advertised, but not 300Lumens. Each light takes one AA battery, not included.
4007 Real Irish porridge oats. Easy to prepare on stovetop or microwave. Much more creamy than the standard steel cut or American oats / oatmeal. Very nice flavor and consistency. Important Information Ingredients Wholegrain Rolled Oats
4008 This is a great refreshing Root Beer. Natural ingredients ad no calories or caffeine. I love having this with non dairy almond ice cream for a Root Beer Float. The best places to get this is Amazon, Target , and Whole Foods has it on sale about twice a month. Guilt free refreshment.
4009 This is the best battery for roombas. It is the only high power battery available. Costs over twice as much but will last twice as long and you won't have replace every year like the standard battery. The original old iRobot battery was a NiCd battery which has fallen from favor for environmental reasons. Most all NiCd batteries have been replaced by NiMH batteries, of which these are included. NiMH has high self-discharge and loses about 20 percent of its capacity within the first 24 hours, and 10 percent per month thereafter. This one last much longer
4010 Takes some time to install and do it right, but will save you hundreds from having a pro install it for you. Good Kit for replacing the working insides of your Wilkins valve. Easy as long as you did not have a body rupture which is common. Don't forget to wrap your valve in heat tape. One freeze and you are hosed.
4011 I got a pair,of,these locally for me and I was so impressed that I purchased another pair for my spouse here on Amazon.  I wanted a super comfortable shoe that didn't scream I am an American while traveling abroad. White athletic shoes or sandals lol give you away, and in some places you want to look like a local. These shoes do it perfectly.  Only downside is that they run hotter than the white.
4012 For the price this is really a good hammock. Made of parachute material so it is very strong and colorful. Zippers work as expected with no problems. Easy to suspend from trees. Nice to have a hammock with mosquito protection as I am always getting attacked by them at night. High capacity rated up to 440 pounds. So you can have a friend.
4013 This is a super creamy oatmeal with a great unique taste. Flahavans has been milling oats at the family mill in Kilmacthomas, Co. Waterford for over 200 years There has been an oats mill at Kilmacthomas since the late 1700's. The power for the mill came from the nearby River Mahon which at one time also powered four other mills. In those days, the mill was used for the contract milling of oats for local farm growers and oat growers. This is where the farmers oats were then milled and the milled oatmeal was returned to him. He was charged for this service. At this time, the oatmeal was a heavier type than the Flahavan's "flaked" oatmeal we know today.  In 1935 it was decided to expand the mill and to put in an oatflaking facility. Oatflaking produced a finer flake, which is faster to cook. By 1959, Flahavans completed the construction of its current mill building.  The first family connection to the Flahavans name can be traced back to about 1785 when Thomas Dunn took over the mill. Dunn was the great-great-great-grandfather of John Flahavan who is the Managing Director of the company today.  Flahavan's 100% Wholegrain Organic Rolled Porridge Oats are a standard oat used for oatmeal. Use these jumbo oats to help make the perfect oatmeal. I found them very easy to prepare on the stove, but most of the time it's microwave.
4014 Update 6-4-2015 I am going through one of these every 30 days noe Original Review below. Not original equipment Polaris scrubber, but they do work. I go through one or two each summer. Easy to install in about five seconds. Fits most Polaris model tails. 260, 280, 360 etc..
4015 I love this tea. I have used every tea on earth it seems and I keep coming back to this one. Its simple. Its easy. Its always there for you and never disappoints.  I always thought that you had to have loose tea to have good flavor and freshness. Mighty leaf proved to me that it could hold its own with the high dollar teas. You can use each bag in a cup at least twice, usually three times. After that it just tastes funky and musky. And Amazon has the best prices and bring it to me. Gotta love that. I am drinking some now. Join me.  Light on caffeine with great floral undertone. Mighty Leaf manufactures quality handcrafted silk-like tea bags that let the leaves  inside steep without the nasty papery cardboard flavor, as some cheap paper bags do. Seems like other makers would get this like Mighty Leaf does, but alas No.  Great tea experience.
4016 I hate that dusty bag vacuum cleaner smell that seems to come out of any vac no matter how much you pay for it. Sure enough eliminates the problem. Nothing but air with no dusty smell even when nearly full.
4017 Large size fifty ounce This is the great classic mouthwash. There are so many imitations out there of Scope. I have bought the knock offs too just to save one dollar. They are the same green, but they are just not the same. From now on I am just going to spend the extra dollar to get the real deal. Life is just to short for bad mouthwash, Ingredients Water, Alcohol (13 WT%), Glycerin, Flavor, Polysorbate 80, Sodium Saccharin, Sodium Benzoate, Cetylpyridinium Chloride, Benzoic Acid, Blue 1, Yellow 5
4018 This is an exceptional well made small belt pack. I can snap this to my regular pants belt, a pack strap, or anything with webbing with its attachment system. Quick release is also a plus.  My test sample that was provided measures 6.89 X 4.73 X 2.36 inches inches. I am able to put a baby glock 42 in the main compartment with a perfect fit. No one would guess that was in there with the bag being so small an un obtrusive. Will hold notebook and has an outside of compartment pen holder.  Also has an outside compartment under the plastic strap release buckle that will hold a full size smart phone. I am able to get my iPhone 6 plus in with no problem. Will also fit samsung note.  This is a great little pack for when you are out running too as you can snap it to a running belt with all your gear pre loaded. Good for when your summer shorts don't have pockets.
4019 Individually packaged servings for your on the go emergency tea breaks. This is a great chai to make your chai tea lattes. Some of the reviews speak of problems with milk / lactose, or just don't care for it. I am dairy free these days and use almond milk mostly for my chai. Soy milk also works very well and has less of a nutty flavor addition. Mixes easily and is very smooth. No overpowering peppery taste like some Chais have. Very well balanced.
4020 This review is for the Monoprice Certified Premium High Speed HDMI Cable, 15ft  I have been buying monoprice cables for years and a lot of them. I think I only had one bad one, and it was an ethernet cable.  I use their cables on most of the tv's in the house.  This one is on the 4k in the Den. Not a single issue and the Tv says it receiving 4k feed through the cable with no issues.
4021 This is the classic scotch tape from 3m. Has so many uses. This is one of life's staples that you must always have on hand. How many things have practically unlimited uses. May not save your life, but it can save the day. 450 feet in length that is half an inch wide.
4022 What's not to like. I mean you would have to be dead inside not to enjoy the Temptations. You just can't get all their goodness onto just one cd, but what is here is great. Only way to do better is to get the box set. I find it impossible to hear "My Girl" without starting to sing along somewhere in the song. Never fails. Get it and smile  No regrets guarantee.
4023 I really like these splatter adhesive targets. They are easy to see where you hit and where you miss. I guess the part I like best other than the obvious splatter effect, is that they are good in low light situations. Why just practice on a perfect wonderful sunny day. That's never when zombies attack. Everyone knows that. Good quality paper. Easy to put up and remove.
4024 The six foot six inch Space Gray cable is very distinctive as well as a durable cable for IOS use. I use this in my car and kept getting it hung up on the gear shift nob and emergency brake handle and just yanked it loose. Braided makes a nice touch above the ordinary plastic cords that are everywhere. Confirmed MFI Certified. No issues with IOS recognition. No warnings when charging or syncing. Both end plugs fit into devices with no play back and forth. High quality 6.6 ft.
4025 This is a really neat idea that works well for multiple reasons. The sample that I received for review has two air compartment sections. One is the mattress itself which inflates so you can use flat for the back of an SUV, Van, Crossover, or even in a tent. The other is a section that inflates to make a base that reaches the floor of your vehicle for use in the back seat, to create a stable sleeping or resting area.  I used this in the back seat area of my smaller SUV for a trip. I covered with a thin blanket and added two forty pound dogs. They usually stomp and move around trying to get comfortable on road trips setting on a position that is just weird and no possible way they could be comfortable, giving you the look WHY ME. With this Mattress they were kind of freaked out and the air sponginess when they first landed upon it. That was soon replaced by YEAH THIS IS GREAT.  Built tough. Easy to inflate. Pup approved.
4026 This review is for the OWC 2 x 8gb  I got this for a 2015 late iMac that only had 8gb.  This was easy to add, and I kept the original memory installed.  No issues of compatibility at all.  Works perfectly with the standard memory that came with the iMac from Apple.
4027 Body made of very inexpensive plastic. Threaded part is made of brass. Requires teflon tape not to leak, not that big of deal as they all do. I am guessing this will be a yearly replacement at this price and quality point. That auction site has the best prices on these BTW.
4028 Pictures don't do this cape justice. This looks so much better on. One of the really cool things about the sample that I received for review is that it will go with so many different articles of clothing. This cape makes the ordinary day to day wear spark with style. This is something you won't see anyone else wearing. Measures 63 x 51 and is made of ver very soft acrylic
4029 Helps wrist and forearm fatige. Been using one for over three years and there is nothing better in a mouse pad.  UPDATE: using for over six years now. Still wonderful. Just wash with dawn soap and let dry and you are good to go.
4030 Works well for a really small room 12 by 12 probably maximum size if you want to raise humidity considerably. The larger the room the less humid it would be. Has a very small reservoir that will run a maximum of 10 hours on max. Uses very small electric motor to push vapor out. Motor makes small whine noise. Reservoir makes bubbling gurgle noise as water is consumed. I have an older version of this that the motor has a loud whine just so you know what happens eventually.
4031 Its easy to find much better jerky now a days. This aint it. Teriyaki Jack Links Not very healthy. It has an ok flavor, but the beef is pretty low quality. The worst part is that it contains MSG which is toxic. The monosodium glutamate is known as an excito toxin that stimulates brain neurons until they die. This makes your brain think that the food tastes better than it actually does, so you like it better, eat more, and buy more.  ingredients (16)Beef , Water , Sugar , Contains less than 22% of , Salt , Soy Sauce ( Wheat , Soybeans , Salt ) , Maltodextrin , Fructose , Monosodium Glutamate , Flavoring , Corn Protein Hydrolyzed , Sodium Erythorbate , Paprika Extract , Sodium Nitrate Nitrite  nutrition facts Serving Size: 1 oz. (28g) Servings Per Container: 3.5 amount per serving: calories: 80 calories from fat: 5 total calories per container: 280 total calories from fat: 17.5  % daily value* (DV) recommended (DV) total fat 0.5g 1% 65g saturated fat: 0g 0% 20g trans fat 0g polyunsaturated fat 0 g monounsaturated fat 0g cholesterol: 20mg 7% 300mg sodium: 600mg 40% 1,500mg potassium 0mg 0% 3,500mg total carbohydrate 0g 0% 300g dietary fiber: 0g 0% 25g sugars: 5g 20% 25g** protein 14g iron 8% *Percent daily values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.
4032 Exactly the same as I have both and they are simply great. Bright and battery efficient. For any glare on screen just adjust the led arm and you're good.  These are a must have!!
4033 Kind of makes your vehicle look like a space ship with the reflective material, think space blanket. The other side is soft cotton, the side that touches your vehicle. This has got to be one of the easiest car covers to use ever. To begin the cover has straps you close your drunk like on, or clip depending on your vehicle type. The cover has built in rigid rods on one end to extend over the car so you just walk to the front with your arms extended and its covered. Think bull fighting matador with his cape; the cape being the car cover. The ends of the cover tuck under your car to make it more water and eliment resistant. I have seen so many covers that are just a bear to use and blown off by wind. Everything is snug and well designed. The only downside I could find, and its probably me, is it takes me more time to put it back in its bag than it does to cover my vehicle.
4034 With this Qnap you get a lot for your money. Inexpensive, PLEX support, decent app and options to choose from. Has good performance as a home or small business NAS with three USB 3.0, one eSATA, and dual LAN ports. DRAM 512MB Flash Memory 512MB  Supported Clients Windows 7 and Windows Server 2003 onward, Apple Mac OS X onward, Linux & UNIX  Supported Browsers Google Chrome Microsoft Internet Explorer 10+ Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari  Storage Management Single Disk, JBOD, RAID 0, 1 Online RAID capacity expansion Online RAID level migration Bad block scan and hard drive S.M.A.R.T. Bad block recovery RAID recovery Bitmap support  Works with 2.5-inch and 3.5-inch SATA hard disk drives and/or solid-state drives (SSD) from major hard drive brands. For the compatible hard disks, please check the compatibility list on QNAP website (http://www.qnap.com/compatibility).  1 to 2-drive single disk volume, JBOD, RAID 0, 2-drive RAID 1.  For complete information you can just click here for the operating manual. http://us1.qnap.com/Storage/Manual/QTS_user_manual_SMB_eng_4.1_2015_0115.pdf
4035 This switch has the best mounting method that I have ever come across. It can mount flat on a wall or surface or it can mount on its back edge. There is a mounting bracket that you screw to surface, then the switch clicks into place and can be removed easily with the push of a button. This makes for a very clean installation.  User can configure Port LED, Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping and Broadcast Storm Filtering. There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser. If a DHCP server is not installed in your network, the default IP address is 192.168.0.239  Install and setup was not easy on windows machine with the app program from nether or through the browser at the default address. Switch will also work at default setting without configuration, but thats not what you are paying extra for.  The first one I received had issues. Netgear replaced it and now its smooth sailing.
4036 I am glad that I bought these all natural semi moist treats for my little man. He is very impressed with them. He thought that he was better looking than the cute kitty on the bag, but that was to be expected knowing him like I do. You have to keep count on how many you give them as they can only have 8 treats for 10b, and up to 12 treats for 10+lb. We have tried two flavors and so far so good. Also we were having problems with the grain in his old treats making him throw up. No issues here.
4037 Printer quality is stellar. Print font and black and white pictures are still wonderful. Mine has three print trays and the duplex unit. I no longer have the ethernet connected directly to a computer or a router via hardwire. I have the songs music system in the house, and just obtained another songs bridge unit and plugged it into the HP4100c so its a print server. Still a winner after all these years. I bought mine used with over fifty thousand count prints. I have done over another 250,000 and its still going strong.
4038 This review is for the Good 'n' Fun Triple-Flavor Mini Bones, 7-Pack  This is my second round of these treats, and my guys just love them.  They are for smaller dogs, so my medium sized ones make short order of these.
4039 This is a great way to secure for light duty your iPad 1 through 4, and iPad Air. Not Air 2. You can use your Square reader without issue. This was of main concern to me. Basic way to secure iPad without the $100 hit. This is not for serious situations where the iPad will be left unattended, as it is not built as heavy duty as the more expensive cases. This just keeps you iPad from growing legs from the attention of mostly honest folks who get tempted easily.
4040 This review is for the Bemis 200SLOWT000 Whisper Close Round Seat, White  Much easier to install than other seats.  Seat has locking levers on the hinge where you can remove for cleaning my flicking the two rotating lever locks.  Well built, and both lid and seat are soft close. Works perfectly
4041 This review is for the OXO SteeL Airtight Food Storage POP Container - Big Square (4.0 Qt)  The first one that I purchased had an issue with the lid button not working to seal. I think it was just a bad rubber seal.  The replacement has worked perfectly under repeated use for over 90 days now without signs of not sealing.  Using these for dog and cat food. Wanting to get a few more for rice.
4042 Great for those that have problems opening cans due to  mobility or health issues. Easy to use and well made. Takes up very little space unlike some of the large units.
4043 Good quality. Not quite Giam quality but still nice. Nice firmness that does not hurt. Has some give to it.
4044 This has got to be the most fantastic knob on the face of the earth. Well maybe not but it served its 69 cent purpose.  Update : 6/10/2014. Wow the price sure went up
4045 Get this for the boxes and not if you need the silverware. The silverware in super bendy. The boxes on the other hand is well made and sturdy. I have used these for several days of lunches and transport, and they have performed well with no leakage even with wet foods. The boxes have 3 slots each for your meals. Two slots of 8 oz and one slot of 16 oz. Test sample provided proved to work well.
4046 This book deserves the five star rating. I have beena hoarder of organizational books. I have read over twenty. Some are no help whatsoever making you wonder what the author was thinking. Others almost get you there, but not quite in the helpful category.  What you are looking for in case you don't know is your reasoning behind keeping things around. WE all have our reasons, but in this book the author debunks or makes clear to you why your reasons really aren't reasons at all, and your thinking is jacking up your happiess and peace. If you like this book and what some exhaustive detail about the mental aspect of your holding on to stuff this is a good one for that. http://www.amazon.com/Enough-Already-Clearing-Mental-Clutter/dp/1416560181/ref=cm_cr-mr-title  I guarantee making room for you will help you, and make your life better. The authors suggestions and ideas are simply perfect whether you are female or male. Clutter knows no gender.  The book is aprox 90 pages so it won't be a huge time suck. You will see yourself described on the pages, and say to your self, yeah thats me and this is where I start. I will add after ready a ton of these books, and having had a huge amount of stuff that was not adding to the quality of my life, that don't try to do it all at once. Do baby steps. A little each day without fail. With the authors advice you will get to a better life. There were many things I had not heard before and all the ideas are good. Dont forget the last two pages. Nice touch.
4047 Skippy natural comes in several varieties. None of which have an oily layer that needs stirring, nor do they use artificial flavors or preservatives. The best tasting of the natural varieties. 33% less sodium than standard Skippy. This has become my favorite natural peanut butter. I eat it on toast almost every day. High in protein, low in everything else. Does not separate like the fresh ground natural peanut butter so you don't have to deal with that mess of string and getting the peanut oil all over you and everything else. Comes in creamy and chunky. Tastes better than Jif natural. Amount per serving  Calories 190  Total Fat 16g  Saturated Fat 3g  Cholesterol 0mg  Sodium 230mg  Carbohydrates 6g  Fiber 2g  Sugar 3g  Protein 7g  Ingredients: Roasted Peanuts, Sugar, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (Cottonseed, Soybean and Rapeseed Oil) To Prevent Separation, Salt, Flavoring.
4048 Preen with spreader cap. I have used this quite a while on flower beds. It does not harm plants and flowers. After you get done weeding just sprinkle some around the bed where weeds are persistent. To activate you must water the flower beds. You will need to re apply every three months. Don't worry the weeds will remind you.
4049 This is a really cool blender. And that's coming from someone who owns a year old vitamix. The ninja for those who don't know was designed to go toe to toe with the vitamix, and they do a very good job of it. The build quality seems to be pretty much to the high standard of the vitamix with a little less powerful motor.  Consumer reports rate the Nijas as a best buy with a higher rating than vitamix.  This blender has the standard blend features that evry blender on the planet has, but it has two settings others don't. The IQ settings or buttons. These two IQ buttons are an auto blend or blending automation mode. Buttons marked "Blend" and "Ultra Blend".  To go all robotronic robocop nija, press "Blend" for soft ingredients and "Ultra Blend" for hard ice, frozen fruit, nuts, etc. Once the auto nuke ninja button has been chosen and pushed you can go back to the weather channel. While you are gone the speeds increase, stop, start back up, slow down, kick up to warp speed, and create a worm hole actually blending alternate universes together.  Upon your return, you find the smoothest of smoothies waiting for you. Comes with a 200 plus page recipe book. On the fence between ninja and vitamix. I wish I had just saved some cash and went with Nija first. Their entire line is a winner. If the little ninja can perform as well as my huge expensive Vitamix pro I though others would like that information. For big projects this little Ninja isn't going to be the best, thats what the larger ones are for, but for most daily needs this will get it done.
4050 Super construction made to last. Towel hangs off of standard size yoga mat about one inch on all sides. Movement on mat is dependant on how sticky your mat is to begin with. Much easier to just toss the towel in the washer than have to clean both sides of a mat and hang it to dry thats for sure.
4051 This review is for the Glass Pendant with Clear Glass Shade  The light came well insulated so you don't have to worry about it arriving broken if you are ordering online.  This would be a great addition to a bathroom or bar area.  It has a modern look to it, kind of industrial. There are bubble patterns in the glass shade.  Installation was the same as any other hanging pendant light.  The light looks good when lit. Sample provided for review
4052 Great tasting soy crisps made with sea salt. MLO Products began in 1964 as a manufacturer of sports nutrition bars and protein powders. When MLO was asked to start creating isolated soy protein products for institutional research on the health benefits of soy, the Genisoy brand was officially launched based on the immediate acceptance and success of the products developed. When the FDA concluded in 1999 that foods containing soy protein included in a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease by lowering blood cholesterol levels, the first Genisoy products were made available as a vehicle for bringing soy's health benefits to consumers in a convenient, economical and great-tasting form.  Today, Genisoy family of soy protein products includes bars, shakes, powders, soy nuts, trail mixes, soy crisps, potato soy crisps, and low carb bars. Genisoy uses only non-GMO (non-genetically modified organism) soybeans. Genisoy products retain their naturally-occurring levels of healthful isoflavones and include the same soy protein proven to reduce the risk of heart disease by lowering blood cholesterol.
4053 Chose you size from 36 to 47 inches in length. 42 is standard size for practice for single shinai. The longer the sword the heavier it is just so you know. Heavier means slower. Good quality bamboo.
4054 The only downside that I could find to this solar light that I received for review is that it is not water resistant. The LED has settings of Low, Medium, High and Strobe. It charges via a usb cable in about six hours, or via the solar panel in about eleven hours to full capacity depending on sun output.  In flashlight mode you are going to get a max of  120 lumens, and in lantern mode a max of 336 lumens.  The light worked in both modes well in my tests, and had no negative issues to report.  Package includes: 1 x Portable LED lamp 1 x Solar panel 2 x Lanyards 1 x USB charge cable
4055 24 Pack of Weetabix Nice little bricks of whole grain that dissolve in milk or almond or soy milk. Great tasting with no additives that are unhealthy. Mixes great with all sorts of fruits and nuts if that is what you like.  Ingredients Wholegrain Wheat (95%), Malted Barley Extract, Sugar, Salt, Niacin, Iron, Riboflavin (B2), Thiamin (B1), Folic Acid.  Nutrition Per 100g Per Serving (2 biscuits, 37.5g) Energy 1531 kJ / 362 kcal 574 kJ / 136 kcal Carbohydrates 69g 26g Fibre 10g 3.8g Protein 12g 4.5g Salt 0.28g 0.10g Thiamin (B1) 0.94mg 0.35mg Riboflavin (B2) 1.2mg 0.45mg Niacin 14mg 5.3mg Folic Acid 170g 64g Iron 12mg 4.5mg
4056 Great for adding more information about your water usage per zone for your hydrawise controller. Maximum flow rate of 21 Gallons per minute. 3.4 inch connectors. Install in line before your valves.
4057 The only thing I don't like about gladiator and garage works is the price. This set is the best deal for an eight pack of hooks. This purchase is my second set. Will be ordering another one soon. I don't know why but these are getting impossible to find anywhere but here on Amazon.
4058 I have quite a flashlight fetish going. I just love the small lights with lots of power. This company approached me to review their series of lights, and like the light addict that I am, started shaking, broke out in an excitement sweat and said yes, yes i will review all of them.  After I received them and caught my breath, I had to scramble around to find some batteries as these do not come with any. Once that task was completed I filled them up and went to a dark room.  1. Single AA cell flashlight - This was my least favorite. For the price it is super bright and will work every time you hit the switch. It has three brightness settings and a telescoping lens to change the throw of the light beam (which is kind of cheesy). Very bright light genuine Cree LED. I would give this one Three Stars.  2. Single AAA cell flashlight. This is a super little light. So small and super bright. Only one setting but this is my favorite of the three from this maker. You can turn on the tactical click button and sit it on its tail to light the room. Very clean clear beam. Very tough light. Perfect every day carry in pocket. Four Stars  3. Doube AAA cell flashlight. This is the big brother of number 2. Brighter and longer. My second favorite from this maker. Another great EDC light. Flawless operation. Click the tactical tail switch to toggle through brightness settings. Four Stars  All in all the AAA lights are very well made. Almost up to the quality of Fenix for a lot less cash.
4059 These are a good value for the set of four, and they fit as expected.  They are made of a combination of Bamboo Fibre/Spandex, and are very soft and comfy.  The crotch area is larger as not to bind and to accommodate large items.  They look great on my man as well. Test sample provided for review  Update 7-2-16 still liking these a lot. holding up well
4060 What I did not know is that this holster from Fixxxer cannot be accessed / engaged from the front, only from the top. That being said, this holster performs well from the top and seems sturdy. It covers the guard nicely and allows the mag release to operate perfectly. Really have to work to remove it
4061 Needs a second addition as it does not have any models past 2008. But for story and history it is very interesting.
4062 Watch for debris in all Chia packages. Seems like every brand has foreign stuff that needs filtering. No filtering needed here.  Chia seeds are a very tasty way to improve your diet, whether you eat them straight out of the bag, sprinkle them on salad or yogurt, add them to juice, etc.  A serving size of 3 tbsp 30g has 150 calories, 1g saturated fat, 0mg Cholesterol, 13g carbohydrate, 11g fiber, 0g sugar and 5g protein. They are a great snack for anyone who has to watch their blood sugar level.  Chia seeds have a very mild nutty flavor and are easy to blend into all kinds of recipes. You can put a spoonful into smoothies, oatmeal, salad, granola, pudding, cereal, or yogurt.  Chia seeds are very hydrophilic and have the unusual ability to absorb liquid and form a gel which makes chia especially good as a thickening agent in soups and smoothies. Just soak in water and they absorb ten times their weight.  The seeds can also be placed in recipes as an egg replacement, and they also work well as a flour substitute for breads, crackers, and other baked goods.
4063 You know why HP doesn't make this model anymore?? Because it refuses to die and doesn't need to be replaced. The HP 4100 is the tank of the computer printer world. I have had one for ten years and it is still going like a beast. I have put at least 250,000 pages through this thing. Setup can sometimes be problematic depending on how it feels I guess. My setup has changed from some PC's and a Mac, to all Mac now. There was never any issue of compatibility. It helps if you use what is called HP Jetconnect, which is an hp proprietary setup program. Its old but it still helps a lot. One thing that I have noticed is that genuine HP laser corteges are getting more costly and they are not very good quality. You are better off getting a rebuilt one with a guarantee. There is no advantage to buying genuine HP any more with this printer. Printer quality is stellar. Print font and black and white pictures are still wonderful. Mine has three print trays and the duplex unit. I no longer have the ethernet connected directly to a computer or a router via hardwire. I have the songs music system in the house, and just obtained another songs bridge unit and plugged it into the HP4100c so its a print server. Simply the best.
4064 I am in good shape so moving around a heavy as heck ladder is not that big of a deal. What I did not count on was my human nature to be a lazy creature. I love this ladder. The quality and stability is second to none. I love using it for projects. I just don't love moving the ladder to the area of the project. I am ashamed to say that I bought a cosco step aluminum ladder that is in their light weight line and weighs in at nine pounds. I carry it like it was nothing.  http://www.amazon.com/Cosco-20-552ABL-Solution-Aluminum-Ladder/dp/B002DPVAW2/ref=pd_cp_hi_0  If the project is serious I will use the little giant. If i just have to change an air conditioner filter or lightbulb I am going the lazy man way of the seven pund ladder.
4065 I have about five of the flexogen hoses in different lenghts for each side of the house so I don't have to drag them too far. I have had to use the warranty and it is painless. You send in the ends. They send you new hose. Happy watering. As they get older they do tend to kink, but that is usually after two seasons.
4066 Very nice good quality mat. Nice and thick. Has cool design on it. Good manufacturing quality. Slippery when wet though. Sticky dry, slippery wet. If you don't sweat a lot then you are golden. Sweat and you will be slip sliding away.
4067 Aftermarket replacement. This is the hose that moves the most on your cleaner. perfect fit for my 360. Comes coiled like in picture so you may need to bend the hose sections straight a bit. Fits Zodiac Polaris pool cleaner models 180, 360, 380, 280, 480, Vac-Sweep 280, 280 TankTrax
4068 First none of Seagate thunderbolt adapters come with a cable. Not a big deal since I already had one. Here are the speed results I obtained 3tb portable hard drive. I slid it into the seagate thunderbolt adapter. It fits very snug. I backed up some video files to the drive. Speed test results are: Reads in/second: 78 Reads out/sec: 86  I also have the seagate backup portable hard drive Thunderbolt adapter in 1tb and the speeds were slightly slower with the portable version.  I plugged in a Lacie 2tb hard drive into the port on the back of the adapter (daisy chain) and this feature worked well with no loss in speed during transfer test.  Also a problem surfaced that was not expected and not quite sure what is causing it yet. The hard drive would unmount itself after being connected for many hours. Thought it was the adapter at first, but think its the seagate plus drive plugged into it since the lacie thunderbolt drive that is plugged into the back of the adapter stays connected. Will contact seagate to see if they reply, and if others are having an issue and will report my findings.
4069 This is a fun movie when there is nothing else better to do. What happens when a meteor bearing single-celled organisms crashes to the Earth, the life forms are initially confined to a cave. Before long the creatures are evolving and growing at a rapid rate, resulting in aliens running everywhere causing problems. This is kind of a Ghost Busters type movie with creatures as the main thing other than ghosts. Lost of humor, some grossness and just stupid stuff, but still fun.
4070 Glorious blu ray transfer. Arguably the best Bond film. Great sound especially for fifty year old movie. This is one of those movies you just don't tire of seeing. Connery at his best. Hats off to the techs who did the restoration (pun intended) I can't think of a single reason not to own it.
4071 As soon as I got it I re formated it on my mac. Put it in my camera and it wanted to re format it agian, so I said, whatever go ahead. All went smooth. Have used it in two different cameras. All pictures easily downloaded onto the mac no problems at all. Patriot has been making memory for a long time so they are a good company from that standpoint. They make mostly computer desktop and laptop memory. Rebate was nice too.
4072 This knife is consistently on all knife guys top ten perfect blade list. Out of the box you could actually shave with this knife. I have purchased five. Given one away as gift and keep the others stashed around the house and in vehicles so I am never without this great tool. Never any blade play, and solid lockup. My oldest one is two years old and I have used the snot out of it. No chips out of the edge like I just noticed with my spyderco tenacious. It's fun to play with, flipping and closing one handed. American made goodness. Very light.
4073 No salt, no fluoride or additives. Great tasting water when I can't get Dasani on sale. Dasani is my favorite to drink straight. Don't care much for it in hot tea though. Not spring water, but still good stuff.
4074 This review is for the Womens Silver 2 Side Vintage Thailand Elephant Drop Hook Earrings for Ladies  Made of silver that is made in the form of an ornate elephant.  Drop hook design is simple to insert and wear in your ear. Very nice looking pair.  Sample provided
4075 I have bought a ton of them. They are great! Compact so you can always have them with you. They write wonderfully. The only problem you have to watch them like a hawk as people constantly swipe them. Some not even knowing that they did, really. Its like their mind is telling them wow what a great pen so we must possess it.  You will be purchasing more than one pack just so you know. Occasionally you will get a pen that the gel is a little leaky, but those are few.
4076 It had a bit of a learning curve putting it on, but if you follow instructions you will get through it. I installed it on the rocker panels of my Crossfire and no more bug and tar problems. Nice knowing its there when you hit sand and gravel so your paint won't chip.
4077 I have this one and later got the 80volt which is significantly more powerful, but it is a lot heavier if that matters to you. Run time is the same as the bigger one at 20 minutes. Takes about the same amount of time to quick charge. Ergonomic handle.
4078 This unit has been protecting my equipment  from surges for five years now, and it's still going strong. Charges my iPad air and iphone 6 every day.  2 outlets 1,080 Joules Coaxial protection Provides AC power protection & coaxial protection for flat screen, plasma & LCD TVs
4079 Aluminum D shaped carabiner with screw & key ring 3 Inch Set of 10 These are good for light duty where weight and cost are a factor. Good for binding non essential stuff to packs, belts, ropes. Not for weight bearing of any substance. Comes with a key ring attached to each one.
4080 This is a real treat for Torme devotees as well as those who are new to his music. This collection is carried and covers multiple genre. Sound quality is very good as it was remastered at the time of release. Some of the songs have even made it to the modern club scene with remixes of Mel and added techno that are surprisingly good.
4081 This is the vintage filament corn A19 size bulb with the standard base just like the standard size of bulb.  I have been looking for a vintage look LED that would work on dimmer switches for my pendant lights and until now have been unable to find one. This sample that I received for testing I am glad to say works perfectly on Lutron dimmers in my home.  The bulb puts out 800 lumens
4082 Skippy Natural has significantly less sugar and salt than regular peanut butter. Skippy natural comes in several varieties. None of which have an oily layer that needs stirring, nor do they use artificial flavors or preservatives. The best tasting of the natural varieties. 33% less sodium than standard Skippy. This has become my favorite natural peanut butter. I eat it on toast almost every day. High in protein, low in everything else. Does not separate like the fresh ground natural peanut butter so you don't have to deal with that mess of string and getting the peanut oil all over you and everything else. Comes in creamy and chunky. Tastes better than Jif natural. Amount per serving  Calories 190  Total Fat 16g  Saturated Fat 3g  Cholesterol 0mg  Sodium 230mg  Carbohydrates 6g  Fiber 2g  Sugar 3g  Protein 7g  Ingredients: Roasted Peanuts, Sugar, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (Cottonseed, Soybean and Rapeseed Oil) To Prevent Separation, Salt, Flavoring.
4083 I first got this because the cat in the picture looks just like mine when he was a baby kitty. The is a nice cute ornament. The ceramic is well made. Is it as good as the ones they used to make. Is anything? Glad that I have it for this years Christmas.
4084 The six strand paracord bracelet that I received for review fit well and was constructed to withstand the rigors of daily use. Easy to put on and remove. This is one of the more complete survival bracelets that I have seen, and the only one with an emergency whistle. Bracelet features Magnesia Fire Starter Stainless Scraper and Whistle. All function as intended.
4085 High output battery. Here is some more iRobot battery choice info. The original old iRobot battery was a NiCd battery which has fallen from favor for environmental reasons. Most all NiCd batteries have been replaced by NiMH batteries, of which these are included. NiMH has high self-discharge and loses about 20 percent of its capacity within the first 24 hours, and 10 percent per month thereafter. We can get lithium batteries for our Roombas without these limitations, and that they will last at least twice as long, do not discharge fast, and will have longer battery life. The Lithium is called the iRobot Extended Life, or Xlife. They sell for about seventy nine dollars. I have some other lithium batteries that are four years old and still going strong, so while the initial cost is more, they don't have to be replaced. Filters fit well and work as intended. Compatible with the following models: iRobot Roomba 510 iRobot Roomba 530 iRobot Roomba 535 iRobot Roomba 540 iRobot Roomba 550 iRobot Roomba 560 iRobot Roomba 570 iRobot Roomba 580 iRobot Roomba 610 iRobot Roomba 760 iRobot Roomba 770 iRobot Roomba 780
4086 Soft Rayon Cover Up Great for jeans or shorts. This is a very versatile cover up, The only downside is that you cannot or should I say should not machine wash or dry as that would shorten the life of the garment. Hand wash only and hang dry. The colors are very vibrant and complementary to almost any under clothing choice. 100% rayon matters is semi thin and lightweight for summer and or fall use. Looks good on shorter and tall wearers. A sample was provided for review.
4087 This review is for the Rediscovering God in America: Reflections on the Role of Faith in Our Nation's History and Future  I bought the audible version and really enjoy that it is read by the Author Newt Gingrich.  He has a unique grasp of history, and a passion for telling it that comes through in the audio.  Learned lots about where we came from as a country
4088 These are neat little fire starters. Use for chiminea and grill. No funky taste to worry about when grilling and super easy to use with no mess.
4089 Great sounding disk that presents Botti and his complete mastery of the trumpet . This disk includes a few vocal selections.  The vocals here are the wonderful Andrea Bocelli, Paula Cole, and the great classic Dean Martin, all of which fit wonderfully with Botti's style. The entire disc is warm, relaxing, and never harsh.
4090 Great healthy cereal. Made in England at the same site for over 80 years. Nice little bricks of whole grain that dissolve in milk or almond or soy milk. Great tasting with no additives that are unhealthy. Mixes great with all sorts of fruits and nuts if that is what you like.  Ingredients Wholegrain Wheat (95%), Malted Barley Extract, Sugar, Salt, Niacin, Iron, Riboflavin (B2), Thiamin (B1), Folic Acid.  Nutrition  Per 100g  Per Serving (2 biscuits, 37.5g) Energy  1531 kJ / 362 kcal  574 kJ / 136 kcal Carbohydrates  69g  26g Fibre  10g  3.8g Protein  12g  4.5g Salt  0.28g  0.10g Thiamin (B1)  0.94mg  0.35mg Riboflavin (B2)  1.2mg  0.45mg Niacin  14mg  5.3mg Folic Acid  170g  64g Iron  12mg  4.5mg  NON GMO CERTIFIED
4091 This is the five switch / five gang cover. I had been using Lutron covers for my switches but they don't look the best from the side as you can tell it is a two piece cover. These look like one piece, and afford a more clean professional look to your installs. Much better than the others.
4092 This is a neat little room ultrasonic humidifier that has a remote control. The handheld remote allows for control of power, how much mist, ionizer off and on, timer, and night light. For a small room it does a descent job.
4093 This is for twelve 12.5 ounce cans from Nutro. Adult large breed canned. Nutro Adult dog food with fish and sweet potato. This food has the consistency of a pate, so its not chunky. I like it that the ingredients are natural. The pups like it because it tastes good. Nutri had some issues with quality control and recalls but it looks like that is all in the past. While this is not grain free, it is a much healthier choice.
4094 I was very impressed at the quality of this corn cob style light. Nothing about it looks cheap, and all the rows of led's are perfectly spaced and installed. I tested the sample received inside in a 1920's art deco lamp and it works perfectly and puts off a tremendous amount of light. These are not meant for your living room, but for a game or hobby room or garage they would be perfect. It is rated at 3200 lumens and after firing it up I have no doubt that it puts out that much light. You do not want to look into it. The color temperature is daylight 5000 Kelvin. After being on it does get very warm so don't go touching it as I did to check while testing. Does not buzz at all. IP64 Waterproof Rating.
4095 I went into this book expecting just the basic info biography bs, but came away more impressed that I thought I would be. The insights on the behind the scenes September 11 are worth the price of admission. It is things like that we would otherwise never have access to otherwise.  It is good that he put out this book for that reason. Many presidents went to the grave with stories, thoughts, etc, that would have added greatly to them and to history of this country. I was also suprised that there was no bitterness expressed against those who took shots at him (more words of how it hurt him that statements made about him hurt his mom and dad sort of thing).  Worth a read even if you don't buy the book and just secretly borrow from someone else. I would say that even if you hate him for whatever reasons to put that aside long enough to hear the stories, you can always pick the hate back up when you are done. I feel bad for the last statement as there are so many who carry the burden of hate in this political climate of you're either one side or the other, and those people will miss out on a rare look into our history. I never got the feeling like he was trying to change anyones mind about anything. i liked that part.
4096 For its size and price I expected almost nothing. Thought that it would be more of a novelty / throw away than a real power supply. I was wrong. This tiny box contains an actual cell that is used in full size laptop / notebook battery packs. (Yes I broke it open so you don't have to). No meter or lights to tell how much juice you have other than red when its not going to do anything and green when its charged enough to save you. Will charge an iPad half way and an iPhone or droid fully with a little to spare. Less than half hour and you are ready to go. Comes with a butt load of adapters. I love this little OXA portable battery. It comes with adapters to fit Apple and Android devices. I've used it with my Kindle Fire Tablet and my iPod and iPhone. Frankly, its saved my day on several occasions. I now charge it at night and bring it with me to add extra life to my iPhone.  PROS 1) It's small. In fact, it's a key chain. 2) Charges in 6 to 8 hours. 3) Comes adapters for a variety of electronics-- Apple, USB, Micro USB , mini USB, some other things who knows. 4) Great for students and professionals. 5) Great to take and forget it until needed, wife keeps it in her purse until its called upon. 6) Lithium Ion stays charged for a long time  CON 1) No power meter to tell whats left
4097 The 800mAh strength internal battery provides up to 12 hours of continuous lighting after sunset.  When it gets dark the light automatically comes on to low power.  Then when it senses movement within its 10 foot sensor range it kicks on high power.  Light on high is very bright at 160 lumens. Sample provided works perfectly in my backyard to light a small pathway
4098 This is a very nice warm colored LED light bulb. I am using indoors in a flush ceiling mount receptacle. One of the problems with the bulbs I have used in the past is that they have a hum. This hum gets worse when you dim them. This bulb has no hum even in all phases of dimming. It also does not say on the box that it is in fact disable. Puts off a nice warm glow.
4099 This little clock has a lot of features and value packed into a small package. The thing I like most is that you can see the time from across the room. As you can see from the picture the display has a lot of information. Radio control accuracy as well. To see in dark just tap the bar in too if the clock for purple LED light.
4100 Very easy to use. The Lansky has two sides for sharpening tools and blades. Not for good knives in case you were thinking of using it that way, as it is too coarse. Mine has lasted a long time. Good for Machetes as well.
4101 100% natural sparkling water with just a hint of all natural grapefruit flavor Crisp, clean, and clear 12 oz cans Available in natural Lemon, Orange, Berry, and Lime Flavors No calories No artificial sweeteners Sodium free
4102 The sample received for review was standard for build quality in this price range. As long as you are not expecting audiophile quality you should be reasonably impressed. These earphones are slightly bass heavy giving them that pumping sound.  These utilize the latest bluetooth version that is now 4.1. There is a presence of a sound stage and you can appreciate some separation. The range I found is about 20 feet.
4103 This review is for the Soup Passion Asia Bowl with Lid by Villeroy & Boch - Premium Porcelain - Made in Germany - Dishwasher and Microwave Safe - 5 Inches  I received this bowl and lid today and was struck at how small it is.  The quality is top notch but it only holds eight ounces or exactly one cup.  Very nice I just wish it was bigger
4104 It's cool because for the many times you can't lug your huge roll of duct tape around with you. The best tool is the one you have with you. This helps you be prepared for the unexpected. If you are new to Gorilla tape it is much stronger and stickier than regular duct tape. Highly recommended.
4105 Great scrubbers that get the job done. I go through one or two each summer. Buying on Amazon is the cheapest way to go on these. Easy to install in about five seconds. Fits most Polaris model tails. 260, 280, 360 etc
4106 I have several cases from UAG covering my gear, so when I got the Surface I knew I had to do something as it is kind of fragile for real working conditions. This is a serious case made with impact numbers on the corners, so if you drop it you will have some protection. I did not test that feature as I am still making payments if you know what I mean. It does add some bulk as a tradeoff. Case is built to military specifications
4107 Very well made elephant print laptop sleeve. The review sample received is padded enough to protect its contents without it appearing bulky or overstuffed.  It comes in three sizes. I requested and received the thirteen inch case. I was able to use it with a thrireen inch dell computer with no issues to report. Zipper works smoothly. Elephants did their job of looking cute.
4108 Gets the top of the grill just fine. Does not however get anything on the sides of the grate or grid. You are better off getting a wire brush and then after using, take a wet paper towel to remove any wires that have come loose so you don't eat them.
4109 This review is for the ICE TAPPER Breaker, Break Ice Cubes, Cracker, Crusher IDEAL FOR - Kitchens Bars Restaurants Coffee Shops Cocktail Party Whiskey Scotch Bourbon Vodka rum Tequila Drinks Beer Soda Juice Cola Drinks  This is a neat little tool that you never knew you needed.  For sure this is a more civilized method of making your crushed ice. Especially if you are on the go outdoors, or away from your fridge that crushes it for you.  I found the best time to use this tapper that I received for review, is outside when its hot. The ice starts to melt and then becomes one giant chunk that is useless.  Enter the tapper, that has a flexible plastic handle and metal tap. Just swing away with this little thing and it sends a shock wave through the ice breaking it apart with almost no effort.
4110 This is my second UAG iPad case. The first was for an iPad Air, and now I have one for iPad Air 2. When I first saw it I thought it looked like something out of a sci fi movie like Terminator. It does have a big logo but it is so futuristic in design it looks cool. Everyone will just think you have been off planet.  The case offers great protection. Your ipad would survive any reasonable drops onto head surfaces, and tosses across a room if the cover stayed closed which you can't count on. It kind of feels like you wrapped your ipad in a rubber truck tire. Buttons are covered so you must push harder to activate them. This is a lot more protection than I am used to. I like the near naked feel of a Belkin skin back only cover.  I have this cover on now as I type this review and the ipad is staying in the landscape position nicely. I like this much more than I thought I would. Ok, ok, I thought I would dislike it because it reminded me of those otterbox ipad caskets from the pictures I saw. Nothing like an otterbox.  The only downside is that it is heavy. You can drop your iPad directly onto concrete and as long as the cover stays closed there will be no visible damage. It is kind of like wrapping your iPad in a tire.
4111 Instructions are not the best, but I am not going to take off a star because of that as it does not address the quality of the seat. Took me about half an hour to remove old seat and put this new one on. The instructions are kind of confusing. I found it best just to look at the picture and play with the parts putting them together before starting. The seat operates just perfect. Both the seat and the lid close very slowly on their own. They close at the same rate. I am happy with this seat and install. I have had other slow close seats from Kohler and this one closes much slower if that matters to you. Perfectly silent.
4112 This is a good example of a  universal travel adapter set. Adapters for USA, UK, AUSTRALIA, EURO. Rated Voltage: 100-240V - USB Output: 5V 3100Ma The test sample that I used is just snap in place and ready to use. Comes tightly packed for travel in a little soft side case.
4113 Green with Citrus. Very nice decaffeinated tea from Salada. I don't like some of the strong green teas. I find them bitter. Some people prefer those though. This is not one of those teas. It is very light, not weak. There is a difference. Weak is you taste mostly water or nothing. There is plenty of green tea substance with salada. This tea is naturally decaffeinated using natural spring water and effervescence in order to preserve the flavor and fresh taste tha I like.
4114 Rainbow soft half sleeveless cover up Best for those under 5:10 in case you are a tall one. The fringe is looped at the bottom instead of just hanging there. The only downside is that you cannot or should I say should not machine wash or dry as the fringe intertwine in the loops causing a multi hour detangle session. Hand wash only and hang dry. The colors are very vibrant and complementary to almost any under garnet choice. 100% rayon matters is thin and lightweight for summer use. A sample was provided for review.
4115 This review is for the SeaKlear 90207 Halo Source 1040105 Commercial Strength Phosphate Remover Quart Bottle Spa Accessories  Seems to be a lot more powerful than the Phosfree I have been using for the last three years.  The Seaklear will cloud your water but I find it clears up pretty fast.  If you want the clouds to disappear faster just use some blue clarifier and its gone.
4116 I was suprised when i got this book as it covers practiacally every situation you would encounter in maing video. Answers lots of questions for the videographer. Extensive table of contents. Check it out A definite buy!!
4117 This review is for the Erno Laszlo Firmarine Moisturizer SPF 30, 1.7 fl. oz.  I think this is one of the first firmers that actually make your skin .... well firmer. I have tried tons of them.  It makes you skin very smooth. You can instantly notice a difference.  There is a very nice slight fragrance. Nothing powerful, as I am very sensitive to smell.
4118 Quick read that can help you identify and issues you may have with social anxiety. Easy to understand format with not a lot of medical jargon. Author offers up for your consideration 10 methods or mindhacks that the author recommends on how to manage the social anxiety that are quite helpful and do work I have found.
4119 The ring not only holds your battery pack to bags, straps, belts, but also glows to let you know when it is charging. Very nice design and it looks cool. Works for men or women in pastel blue, which is the one I have. The pink on the other hand is very pink. Power bank is compact but not small as it does have batteries inside. Works well to charge your stuff
4120 A little difficult to setup. Could have been made easier. Sound quality is pretty good. Not exactly a high end unit soundwise but acceptable. I found using it was kind of a pain and gave it to a relative. I would not purchase. I now use the Sonos system and am very happy with that. Same internet on sonos and setup was a breeze. Better options out there, and for what it costs we deserve a better product. Should cost about forty bucks.
4121 I have been running my Netgear switch for about six years with no problems. The FS108 is an 8 port gigabit switch, sot all it does is pass signals on to the other devices. A router will actively direct the signals to the devices just to be clear on what you are getting here. As others pointed out in various reviews, this switch is a hot one. I got my laser thermometer out and it read that it was running at 108 degrees all the time. There is no cooling fan inside. Right now I have the switch just sitting on a shelf. I have had it mounted at one time on the wall with no problems. To wall mount you screw in screws the proper length apart with the heads sticking out from the wall, then slide the switch back onto them. Enclosure is nice heavy duty metal. No cheap plastic case here. Speeds are truly gigabit. I transfer large files and video on network at high speed.
4122 I have several of my electronics suited up for battle in UAG cases. The design Surface Pro 4 case is out of the ordinary as you can see from the pictures. They have a very modern and futuristic appearance. That being said they are extremely tough and offer outstanding impact resistance and protection, without adding undue bulk. Many cases use a layer of air or huge thickness for protection ability. UAG just designs things right, so there is no un necessary bulk, This works great and looks great on my Surface Pro 4. Meets military drop-test standards. Note the Pro 4 is a tad thinner than previous models so you would need to order the one from UAG that they make for those, also sold here on Amazon.
4123 Very nice sounding and comfortable headphone for sure. You will find the volume on the left side by the on/off button there is a plus & minus marked on the bar to adjust volume.  Pros: -Sound quality -Bluetooth 4.0 -NFC - near field communication for pairing -Comfortable -Option to use with a cable for a wired connection -Multipoint bluetooth for connecting to two devices. Like a phone and your computer etc -Charges with standard micro usb -Continues to function even if the battery is dead  Cons -Sound leakage bugs the people around you.
4124 Test Sample Provided I have a friend with a large Great Pyrenees dog with some health and mobility issues. He was having to pick her up by her rear because she cannot get up by herself. She has two leg injuries. This was hard on both of them as he is almost handicapped himself.  Enter the portable lift support. It fit her perfectly even though she weighs over one hundred pounds. Now he can just reach down and pull her up and she can do the rest.  They both are so thankful for this great helper.
4125 This power bank is not only good looking but offers great charging at 6400mAh. Easy to use and recharge. Comes with power bank, micro USB cable, user manual. Has four LED lights to let you know how much it is charged and how much power you have left when using.
4126 Relatively easy install. This is the second one I have purchased. The previous one ruptured during a freeze. Had heat tape around it, but alas it wasn't enough. Now double heat taped. So far so good.
4127 This is a very simple guide to meditation practice. The gap is the place between your thoughts where your mind is calm. You will find this a good experience. Mediation is simple, yet not easy at times. This is guided meditation.
4128 Works for all kinds of cables and cords. Keeps earbuds under control. My only problem is my cat likes them and will grab some and run off with them.
4129 Great smelling cleaner that also lubricates you shaver. Has the smell of lemon zest. Unlike many shavers, brains have an issue with being cleaned under a running faucet. The blades and foil tend to rust / corrode. This cleaner has a built in lubricant that prevents this from happening. I sometimes run the shaver under faucet to get most stuff off, then pop in the cleaner for a lemon fresh clean.
4130 I was recently introduced to these from my nieces finance from the UK. He brought some to the US and asked if I wanted one. Wow these are good. Light whipped chocolate that is very rich. The velvety-textured milk chocolate bar first hit the shelves in 1981 before disappearing in 2003. But such was the popularity of this sumptuous milk chocolate with its tiny but dense bubbles, that the nation began an online campaign to bring it back. It returned made by Cadbury in 2007.
4131 This is really a must have to store reeds in. The humidity keeps them from drying out and splitting or splintering. maintains 72 percent humidity. While the slots are numbered it is hard to see, just so you know. Did not have great success with the rico humidity packs. I prefer Boveda ten to a package.
4132 This is without a doubt the best looking tea kettle out there. There are a couple that come close but after further investigation they tend to burn the crap out of the user when pouring. Non usability or injuring the user disqualifies any product. Alessi needs to work on quality control a little bit. If the lid is not just so so there is not a good enough seal to send steam to the rooster for him to whistle. If the rooster is not seated perfectly then again no whistle. So the bottom line is you don't know until its boiling if you seated everything properly. Keep an eye on it so it doesn't run dry if she fails to whistle at you.
4133 Good quality bamboo shinai are the same price as these brittle ones. Avoid these and shop around. Breaks easily as other reviewers have stated
4134 This is one of the best pump driven cleaners on the market. I have used this model for several years. I have had to replace several parts to keep him going; mainly bags, connections, tail parts. Have not had to do an internal overhaul like some, so I am pretty happy. This unit does have some serious limitations, but for the price point and its design he does a pretty good job. Picks up heavy debris like acorns or pebbles. The Polaris 380 runs off its own booster pump (sold separately), working independently from the rest of your pool system. This enables the Polaris 380's three jets to provide greater vacuum power and faster cleaning. The Polaris 380 vacuums, sweeps and scrubs the bottom and walls of any size or shape in-ground pool, be it gunite, fiberglass or vinyl-lined. Polaris 380 Comes complete with 30 feet of hoses and all connections. The Polaris 380 is covered by the Polaris 1 year limited warranty parts & 5 years on the frame. Not perfect, but I highly recommend this cleaner if you don't need any scrubbing action, just vac.
4135 I have seen some really bad brushes in my day. Luckily these are not them. This six piece set is white nylon that is bound well so that no stray hairs come out in your work. The edges are cut sharp and crisp so they are very accurate for detail work. Sizes in the set are #4, #6, #8, #10, #12. They also feel good in your hand, and are the right size for average to large hands.
4136 Very powerful receiver. Easy to use and setup. Sound quality is top notch with this unit. This is a great choice for vehicles without built in Bluetooth.
4137 This review is for the Doctor Who Dalek Mug 11oz Green  This is an officially licensed Dr, Who Mug so the quality is definitely  there.  The colors are bright and vibrant. Mug feels good in your hand. Looks exactly like in the pictures.  Well made and packaged in true Dr. Who form. Review sample provided is a hand wash recommend to keep your graphics flawless.
4138 This review is for the Sweetbriar Classic Laptop Messenger Bag, Gray - Canvas Pack Designed to Protect Laptops up to 15.6 Inches by Sweetbriar  This canvas classic messenger looks good and has lots of room for your stuff with its Large 17.5 x 12 x 4" measurements of the sample provided for review.  It is well made of quality materials, that kind of has that old world classic look to it. The inside is lined so the bag is thick to protect what you put inside.  Easily holds all apple laptops
4139 needed the extended power rating along with gigabit ethernet WAN ports that this unit has. Also wanted the 5gb ability that the TEW 653 did not offer. Here is the power output for those who want the details. Transmit. 802.11a: FCC/CE: 17 dBm/-75 dBm (typical) @ 54 Mbps 802.11b: FCC/CE: 20 dBm/-90 dBm (typical) @ 11 Mbps 802.11g: FCC/CE: 17 dBm/-76 dBm (typical) @ 54 Mbps 802.11n: FCC/CE: 17 dBm/-69 dBm (typical) @ 300 Mbps 2.4GHz &5 GHz 802.11n: FCC/CE: 18 dBm/-70 dBm (typical) @ 300 Mbps 5 GHz  The Wifi Standards are: IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n, IEEE 802.3/3u/3ab, IEEE 802.3af/az  This unit is much faster and more powerful that Trendnets other access points, but it comes at about double the price.  Modes: AP, Repeater, WDS AP, and WDS Bridge  Up to 8 SSID per band: 16 total  Special Features: VLAN tag support SNMP v1 - 3 Traffic shaping Disable LEDs Low profile discrete housing IPv6 ready AP scan mode helps optimize wireless setup  Concurrent dual band 300 Mbps wireless N  Create up to 8 SSIDs per band  Define Access Point, WDS AP, WDS Bridge, or Repeater modes  No need to install the device near a power source with PoE installation  Manage traffic shaping per SSID  Off-white low profile housing blends into environment  IPv6 support.
4140 This is a very high quality yo yo that is geared towards the semi pro. The Body material is machined aluminum alloy with a weight: 2.56 ounces. Mine came with two bright green yo yo strings not attached. Been awhile since I attached a yo yo string. If you are not an experience yo yo master, youtube is your friend. No instructions are included. The yo yo unscrews into two pieces which I found helpful for stringing. When apart you can see the ball bearing set that makes it so fast.
4141 Here is a multipack of mentos candy. The Mentos are the known as the original chewy mint. These chewy mints have a nice cinnamon flavor that is not overpowering, but still very cinnamon for sure. Each mint will last around 10 minutes depending on your level of mint attack. Always a better bargain to buy in these multi packs.
4142 This does a good job. It works a little better than the blue clear stuff, and is natural. Don't like swimming in all the chemicals. It does take a tad more to get the super clarity, but hey if it gets it done I'm happy. The thing with natural is that your pool levels need to be inline or they don't work well. Harsh chemicals don't care and do their thing. I have used many products from this maker with good results.
4143 This is my new favorite for severely dry hands. While it states that it is fragrance free, that means that Burts did not add perfume to the lotion. Bees wax and olive oil does have a slight scent that some don't care for. My number two favorite is the Okeef working hands. The Burts Bees does not have a residue after it soaks in that many lotions have. Leaves your hands feeling good, even if they are hurt and damaged with scratches and scrapes. No sting. Good natural ingredients.
4144 First these are very sturdy. Dishwasher all the time. I use an ice maker that slams ice into them from the fridge door with no problems. I have had many a glass shatter in my hand from the ice maker. No cuts from those you are just left standing there with a stupid look of amazement and half a glass in your hand. Keeps liquids cold with no sweating and hot with no hand scalding from the silicone sleeve. Get some you won't be sorry.
4145 Two piece Clear Acrylic Cosmetic Makeup Organizer, that is clear acrylic plastic. It is very lightweight, so the items that you store cannot be too tall. Works well for lip stick tubes, eyebrow pencils, eye liner, and sample tubes The 16 places for your lip sticks slots are a little small for most nail polish bottles. Works well as long as you know its dimensions. 9 3/8"W x 5 3/8"D x 7 1/4"H
4146 The sample I received for review works exactly as described.. I had no issues in my tests using Apple Mac equipment. The three USB 3.0 Ports do in fact support ultra-fast data transfer rates of up to 5Gbps. The ports are also downward compatible with USB 2.0/1.1 specifications.  The ports also offer fast charging of devices, that functions without any negative issues.
4147 Great light, terrible awful bad sub par clip. I think that almost covered the clip. Its like wire. It will get caught on your keys and get bent all up. Light itself is pretty good. I have had it come on in my pocket a few times and thats not comfortable as it will get hot and let you know its on. This is the current model which is 84 lumens. Old model was 70 lumens. Takes one AAA battery. Seven Output Modes: Low, Medium, High, Strobe, SOS, Beacon (Hi), Beacon (Lo) Please FourSevens make a descent clip for this light.
4148 Good basic declutter book. Not a lot of details, but a very very simple program to get you moving if you have not done any decluttering at all. Could use some more detail, especially in the cleaning department, and on what to use in each area of decluttering.  Cam be read in about 15 minutes
4149 This set has a good solid sound. Pairs easily with IOS and Android devices per my test. The 200 comes with several sets of ear pieces for different sizes of ear canals; small, med that is on the headset, and large. Bluetooth 4.1+A2DP are in fact sweat proof. Package includes: 1 x Bluetooth Headset 1 x USB Cable 1 x User Manual 2 x Detachable Ear Loops 4 x Different-sized Earbud Caps (1 pair of big, 1 pair of small)  Great for workouts and outdoor activities where weather and water may be an issue.
4150 Very refreshing and natural mineral water. No added chemicals or treatments to make the water taste funky. No sodium like some of the other sparkling waters. My favorite flavors are the like and lemon. The plain is great for mixing with juice, but plain is more difficult to find. I can only locate that at whole foods.
4151 I have a couple of different gootium bags that I use. One I just throw around constantly and Im surprised anything on it still works, but it does. So they can take a beating. What I like most about this bag is that it has the redish color of leather and the contrast with the canvas. It is rather striking, and sets it apart from the old boring bags that have that military look and get tired looking fast. I am able to carry around my macbook pro in this without issue. It has enough padding that I am not worried about denting it. This bag holds more than you think it should. I have stuffed it with two changes of clothes, iPad, kindle and some other necessitates before running out the door. Yeah it was a stuffed pig but it was there for me when I needed it, and had no time for options. Zippers arena the best on this one, and the carry strap could use padding.
4152 This review is for the Natural Balance Limited Ingredient Diets Tuna and Pumpkin Formula in Broth Wet Cat Food, 2.75 oz  Has lots of broth that Kitty Man finds site appealing. He doesn't care for the pate type, and likes lots of juiciness.  This fits the bill for him, and he attacks it whenever its put in front of him.  Tuna, Fish Broth, Pumpkin, Canola Oil, Guar Gum, Tricalcium Phosphate, Calcium Sulfate, Natural Flavor, Salt, Potassium Chloride, Minerals (Ferrous Sulfate, Zinc Oxide, Manganese Sulfate, Copper Glycine Complex, Potassium Iodide, Sodium Selenite), Vitamins (Vitamin E Supplement, Niacin Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Vitamin A Supplement, d-Calcium Pantothenate, Riboflavin Supplement, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex (Source of Vitamin K Activity), Folic Acid, Vitamin B12 Supplement), Choline Chloride, Taurine, Carrageenan.
4153 Teriyaki Jack Links could be so much better if they would use better beef, and stop with adding garbage. Not very healthy. It has an ok flavor, but the beef is pretty low quality. The worst part is that it contains MSG which is toxic. The monosodium glutamate is known as an excito toxin that stimulates brain neurons until they die. This makes your brain think that the food tastes better than it actually does, so you like it better, eat more, and buy more.  ingredients (16)Beef , Water , Sugar , Contains less than 22% of , Salt , Soy Sauce ( Wheat , Soybeans , Salt ) , Maltodextrin , Fructose , Monosodium Glutamate , Flavoring , Corn Protein Hydrolyzed , Sodium Erythorbate , Paprika Extract , Sodium Nitrate Nitrite  nutrition facts Serving Size: 1 oz. (28g) Servings Per Container: 3.5 amount per serving: calories: 80 calories from fat: 5 total calories per container: 280 total calories from fat: 17.5 % daily value* (DV) recommended (DV) total fat 0.5g 1% 65g saturated fat: 0g 0% 20g trans fat 0g polyunsaturated fat 0 g monounsaturated fat 0g cholesterol: 20mg 7% 300mg sodium: 600mg 40% 1,500mg potassium 0mg 0% 3,500mg total carbohydrate 0g 0% 300g dietary fiber: 0g 0% 25g sugars: 5g 20% 25g** protein 14g iron 8% *Percent daily values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.
4154 We are planning a trip to Yellowstone or the Grand Canyon Park in the near future and these books by lonely planet are invaluable at saving time and money in helping plan for the perfect vacation experience. While it is true you could find some of the information that is in these books online it would take days and days of research if not weeks to compile it and then edit what is factual and what is not helpful at all. The lonely planet people have been there and know what they are doing and know what you are looking for and how to help you find what you are looking for even if you don't have a clue what you are looking for at the moment. Filled with great pictures and suggestions on places to stay and where to eat. Outlines tons of things to do and places to see with reviews from experts. Get the book and make a plan. Life is waiting.
4155 150 lumens of hands free use. Comfortable and adjustable soft elastic headband holds the light position. Headlamp uses 3 AAA batteries. It comes in a strong, padded box for easy storage. Headlamp is made of high-quality ABS plastic and alumnim. Water-resistant during light rain drizzle, fog, and mist. I would not submerge this one. If you are wanting a submersible headlamp check out Petzl and Nitecore. CREE XRE-Q5 led emitter. Average Run-Time 10 hours depending on how high your light setting output is.
4156 This is the large version that I like getting but is kind of hard to find. The larger the box the better the price per pound. Cat likes it. It is cost efficient. It absorbes any odors very well, and is easy to discard when the time comes. Good for multiple cats. I prefer the multi cat or double duty over this the super scoop.
4157 Works as advertised. Very good color video, fair IR video. Nice set of control features accessed via web. Captured videos can easily be downloaded anytime within the 7-day window. Did have problem with initial setup, until I found using a different browser solved problem (using Mac, problem with Safari, worked with Firefox)
4158 This review is for the Cadet 6" Braided Dog Piggy Sticks; 4 ct.  Dogs loved them. Only down side is that they don't last long.  Made in Germany
4159 In case you don't know this is a relatively new formula, that does not rely on harsh and dangerous chemicals. It can be used on fruits and vegetables, as well as shrubs. For me that is most important as one of my dogs for whatever reason in his head tells him he needs to eat shrubs.  I will go out and there he will be munching on one, and look at my like What?  Anyway this is made with Spinosyd / Spinosadwhich works by attacking the insects nervous system. It is a safe organic compound that is even used for oral cat medication.  I have some flying nat weasels that are always jacking with us when we go outside. This seems to have put an end to that problem so I am happy.
4160 Thirty one pounds of Preen weed preventer. I have used this quite a while on flower beds. It does not harm plants and flowers. After you get done weeding just sprinkle some around the bed where weeds are persistent. To activate you must water the flower beds. You will need to re apply every three months. Don't worry the weeds will remind you.
4161 Great fast acting daily protection toothpaste. Helps relieve sensitivity very fast.
4162 This review is for the Wsdear Windproof Umbrella Travel Umbrella Auto Open/Close, 42 Inch Canopy Wind Resistant, Compact for Easy Carrying Totes, Golf Umbrella with 8 Ribs, Multi-color Sturdy and Durable, Lifetime Guarantee  The 42 inch canopy is large enough for walking with another person.  Well made and built for standing up to winds and weather.  The sample that was provided for review worked flawlessly in the last downpour. Very smooth open and close. Compact and fits behind my diver seat.
4163 This dress just screams party. The sample that I received for review is very well made of quality materials, and all seams were finished with care. What really sets this apart is the lower portion which is sheer see through before the last part of hanging fringe. This offers a really cool effect of floating fringe with a hint of naughty. Nothing about this dress is low key, and you will be the light of the party with all the art deco stylized sequins. Lots of wow factor.
4164 This is the original Vietnamese Chili Sauce. This is a very nice hot sauce that goes with so many things. Great for Asian dishes as well as American fare. More flavorful than the same old red hot sauce, that was just hot tasting and little else. Ingredients chili, sugar, salt, garlic, distilled vinegar, potassium sorbate, sodium bisulfite as preservatives and xanthan gum. Contains sulphite (sodium bisulfite)
4165 Got this unit for my 40k gallon pool. Working great for the last six years and its great. No issues at all. I just clean the salt cell every so often with some mortice acid and its good to go again.
4166 This is a very cute mixer bottle. Not as large as some of the others holding 16 ounces instead of 24. Comes with a wire whisk ball that bounces around as you shake the bottle blender your stuff. Has a leverage pop cap top. Be sure and press the cap part firmly to seal and wait to hear the click. Easy to use and read the measurements printed on the outside of the bottle.
4167 Powersmart four cell replacement battery for your 4000 series Roombas 14.40V Capacity: 3300mAh Color: Grey Dimension: 173.40 x 51.10 x 52.70 mm || Rate: 48.00 Wh No. of cell: 4 Weight: 779.00 g  This battery works well in my Roomba. The price was right at the time of this review. You can never find a replacement battery locally so Amazon is almost always the best bet.  This battery has lasted over two years. Here is a list of the compatible Robot Roombas it will fit.  Compatible Part Number:  17373, 40901, 4978  IROBOT:  Irobot Roomba Series:  Roomba 400, Roomba 4000, Roomba 405  Roomba 410, Roomba 4100, Roomba 4105  Roomba 4110, Roomba 4130, Roomba 415  Roomba 4150, Roomba 416, Roomba 4160  Roomba 4162, Roomba 4170, Roomba 418  Roomba 4188, Roomba 4199, Roomba 4210  Roomba 4220, Roomba 4225, Roomba 4230  Roomba 4232, Roomba 4240, Roomba 4250  Roomba 4260, Roomba 4270, Roomba 4275  Roomba 4296, Roomba 4299, Roomba 4300  Roomba 440, Roomba 4905, Roomba 5105  Roomba 5210, Roomba Create, Roomba Dirt Dog  Roomba Discovery, Roomba Discovery SE,  Roomba ProRoomba Pro Elite,  Roomba Intelligent Robotic M-288,  Roomba Intelligent Robotic M-288A,  Roomba Intelligent Robotic M-288B,  Roomba Pink Ribbon, Roomba Red,  Roomba Sage, Roomba Scheduler  iTouchless AV Series:  iTouchless AV001A, iTouchless AV002A  M-ROBOT:  M-Robot M-488, M-Robot M-288
4168 This is a good basic book on how to get started and some of the pitfalls to watch out for, legal and governmental (IRS). Written in terms that anyone can understand by a female attorney who has great experience in the field of not only legal but in writing books for the average person to do things on a budget without the big bucks flying out the door to lawyers.  Special note, if you plan to start a tax exempt (501(c)(3) corp organization, you will not find the detailed steps to apply for that exemption in this book. You will notice on page 5 the author refers you to a different Nolo Press boo - "How to Form a Nonprofit Organization"  While this book has some grat info it does not have it all. Thus the other book. If this book had the 501 c info in it I would give it 5 stars. Still these books are great headache savers as well as money savers and I highly reccomend them.
4169 This review is for the Timemorry TM-FZ02 Dimmable Eye-care LED Desk Lamp, 3-Level Dimmer, Touch Sensitive Control Panel, 5V USB Charging Port,White  This lamp is physically adjustable, as well as being able to adjust the light output through its single touch button.  The only downside is that the base is not waited enough and can be easily knockd over if you are not careful. Sample provided
4170 I would rate these at three and half stars. On Amazon they have these reviews all together for three different models. These are the top of the line with the spring return. The cost at the time of this review is forty dollars. Quality wise they are about twenty dollar to twenty five dollar tops. The jaws line up well, but one of them leaves a gap toward the handle. These are three dollars cheaper than the German made Knipex. They both have a lifetime warranty. Which would you choose is the question you must ask yourself, Chinese or German.
4171 This review is for the Pijushi Designer Floral Collection Inspired Ladies Handmade Leather Top Handle Handbags 8827  This all leather hand made purse is truly a work of art.  The colors of the leather is outstanding, as is the craftsmanship in dying and stitching.  The main compartment is hel closed via a single zipper. Purse opens up wide to a large storage area that is well layed out with.two open pockets on one side and 2 zipper pockets on the other side for storage. Sample provided for review  The purse looks even better than in pictures.
4172 I prefer the new 12 ounce over this 10. Double ceramic wall works well to keep beverages warm or cold
4173 Very nice natural slate markers so your friends and guests know what they are eating. Sample received for review adds a very nice touch to your dishes.  The set of four measures 2.3 inches by 2.1 inches, and comes in a nice presentation slash storage box. Comes with two little markers to write on the slates.
4174 I was able to place two different size of laptops on this test sample with no problems whatsoever. This stand is highly adjustable to virtually any angle and height up to 17 inches. Could be used for much more than just laptops. The aluminum frame supports the weight easily and stays in place. 9.1 x 7.5 x 0.1 inches in size.
4175 We have many pairs of the Original series standard boxer jocks that fit perfectly. These have a totally different feel and squeeze your stuff to a degree that its just not all that comfy.  I would not purchase the Cuprons again, but would go for the standard UA instead.
4176 This is a neat little tool. While this is not the most resistance it is more than enough when you are using it to strengthen after an injury like tennis elbow. Very well made of quality materials. Has a little rubber smell, but it looks like it will dissipate rapidly. Comes with an instruction booklet with illustrations on how to use. There is also an excellent youtube video that has a physical trainer showing how to use it. He is not affiliated with the company and just do a search for tennis elbow on Youtube. So far so good on my rehab efforts with the flex bar.
4177 Works with Cox. DOCSIS 3.0 Certified, capable of up to 343Mbps down and 120Mbps upstream Internet speeds, both of which exceed the capability of my service provider. Very lightweight compared to Motorola modems. I am able to exceed the maximum for my current plan with this modem. Happy so far.
4178 These have been some very tough cups / glasses. They are double wall constructed, and insulate very very well. They do not sweat in the summer. I use for both hot and cold liquids. FYI I waited three years to do this review, and I am still using them. Only time one goes away is when I drop it on the hard tile floor. Always dishwasher washed with no issues.
4179 I think I have every length of Magpul MOE rail that the company makes. Never had any fail on me, or not fit standard accessories. Length from end to end is 3.30", The width at its base .6", The width at the rail .835, Comes with mounting screws
4180 This review is for the Click & Grow Indoor Smart Herb Garden with 3 Basil Cartridges, White Lid  This is a great setup. The design is perfect and a lot of thought went into it.  The included literature includes a picture of the original prototype made of cardboard. This little bit of history is a nice touch.  I followed the directions included and had sprouts in three days.  Great design, well made. I have this on my kitchen table and it looks great sitting there. Sample provided for review
4181 Recently introduced to these from my nieces finance from the UK. He brought some to the US and asked if I wanted one. Wow these are good. Light whipped chocolate that is very rich. The velvety-textured milk chocolate bar first hit the shelves in 1981 before disappearing in 2003. But such was the popularity of this sumptuous milk chocolate with its tiny but dense bubbles, that the nation began an online campaign to bring it back. It returned made by Cadbury in 2007.
4182 This review is for the Solid Gold Indigo Moon Holistic Grain Free Dry Cat Food, Chicken & Egg, All Life Stages,  After one week, this food remains my cats favorite food over all others.  We do have to limit the amount in the dish to keep him from eating to much. Sample provided for review
4183 Low calorie food for adult dogs with slower metabolic rates. Higher levels of proteins to carbohydrates. This is an ok food for those that have not taken their pets diet grain free. While this brand does have some issues in the past with quality control, this appears to be an ok natural ingredient food. My dogs ate it without issue. Ingredients Chicken, Chicken Meal, Whole Brown Rice, Brewers Rice, Rice Bran, Pea Protein, Whole Grain Oatmeal, Powdered Cellulose, Dried Plain Beet Pulp, Natural Flavor, Sunflower Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Soybean Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Chicken Fat (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Potassium Chloride, Salt, Choline Chloride, DL-Methionine, Zinc Sulfate, Niacin Supplement, Vitamin E Supplement, Calcium Pantothenate, Riboflavin Supplement (Vitamin B2), Pyridoxine Hydrochloride (Vitamin B6), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Iron Amino Acid Chelate, Copper Amino Acid Chelate, Selenium Yeast, Biotin, Manganese Amino Acid Chelate, Vitamin A Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate (Vitamin B1), Vitamin D3 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Folic Acid, Rosemary Extract, Decaffeinated Green Tea Extract, Spearmint Extract.
4184 This is the pinnacle book on persistence and perseverance. Out of all the books you will read in the span of a lifetime, this will be one that you will remember. Very powerful, but it is also the hardest book you will ever read due to the subject matter and graphic event details. Quite the story of overcoming.
4185 Not the most durable for chew masters, but not bad. You may want to keep this for outside fetch games and not leisurely have at it chewing sessions. My guy likes it even though he is a rescue with one eye who sometimes misses the launch. If the arrow gets chew damaged it won't fly straight. At that point you are better off tossing it yourself.
4186 This review is for the eBoot Stainless Steel Ruler 12 Inch + 6 Inch Metal Rule Kit with Conversion Table  Both rulers have conversion table from inches to millimeters on back of both.  Well made and clearly marked. The only downside is that the edges are really sharp. I could use this as a weapon. Comes in plastic sheath. Sample provided for review
4187 Well made for the price that you pay; under fifteen dollars.  I was wanting a small waist pack for my water, and nothing was working for me. This manufacturer approached me to review this pack that I received, and it is working well for my needs.  The bottle holder is adjustable, and has a tensioner.  Easily adjusts for your waist size. Had plenty of room for phone, keys, snacks.
4188 This review is for the Fodor's Caribbean Cruise Ports of Call (Travel Guide)  Good cursory version of the ports and what to expect.  Kind of the first timers there guide to what is going to await you.  Does not have any of the inside scoop on local hot spots so to speak.  Better than flying blind for sure.  Book is thicker than most of the Fodor guides that I own, so it does cover a lot of ports which takes this from a three star to a four.
4189 I started out with a PS3 along with an Xbox. I found the Xbox games at the time were better, so the PS3 was sold. This PS4 which has better fans to help cool down the system. I had some problems with the old one, and the main reason it locked up most of the time it was because of it overheating. The sleek design makes it look good too. I know it comes only in black. The 500 gigabytes is way more than the play station 3 blowing it out of the water. I like that it can operate really fast, and it can generate 3d structures 5x faster than PS3. This is amazing it will not add much to the gaming experience at first but sooner than later games will become more and more like the great great pc games.
4190 A little low power output than original and most other replacements output is 3500 instead of 2000
4191 Bulb works as described with no issues such as flickering or non response to app commands. Choose from sixteen million color choices. App works as expected. 7.5 watt power usage to deliver 60 watt light equivalent output.
4192 This review is for the Outback Jack Water Buffalo Tails 100% Natural Dog Treats  While these do not last as long as regular rawhides we are used to, they don't make a mess, and no dog gas.  Both dogs loved them
4193 This review is for the Under Armour Men's Original Series 6" Boxerjock  These are pretty much my go to unders these days after trying seven different brands from no names to exoficio.  Well made and don't bindmor shrink.  Good for long trips as you can wash them out and they air dry fast.  Prices vary greatly. I have purchased locally, and Costco typically has two for the price of one.
4194 Two years since I bought this shock saver. My fluke died, and they would not honor the warranty. Live and learn. I am thinking I will have to replace the batteries some day. No signs of slowing down though.
4195 Probably one of the best glues made. Got this to repair a convertible top that had separated from the back glass windshield. Followed the directions after applying and adding weight ; then allowing to cure for 48 hours before removing wight pressure. Put the top up and its is solid as the proverbial rock. I could not believe how well this adhered. This glue I kid you not saved me twelve hundred for the top, and seven hundred for labor on a replacement. The dealership and top shops all said the top must be replaced as there is no way to repair it, and no glue is strong enough. Well I found the glue. Checked online and many others are using this glue for the same thing with great results.
4196 This review is for the Sunlite LFX/WL/30W/W 04364 30W 120V LED Portable Work Lamp Fixture, Black/Red Finish  Well made of solid metal.  Thin body construction with powder coated finish.  Very bright at 2000 lumens. The color temp is cool white.  Does not weigh very much, and is easy to transport. Single switch operation.  This is a quality light that is built to last. I had zero issues as I ran it through its paces.  This is the best plug in portable I have used so far
4197 These are some of the softest towels that I have come across. This offering consisted of one bath towel. Measurements are: bath towels 56" x 30" All of the towels are quite thick. Even after washing they still shine and are super soft. They are made of bamboo fiber which is known for its softness. Colors did not fade or transfer to other towels.
4198 Sample This is a great example of quality and elegance at a low price point. These suspenders are well made of elastic polyester straps and nickel plated hardware. Easy to use, and yes they do keep your pants in place. Easy to adjust to your correct size.
4199 The bulbs are the Clear Soft White 2700K 4 watt. I have several of the incandescent antique style bulbs and this one is so close you will be hard pressed to tell the difference. This is brighter by quite a bit than a 40 watt vintage bulb that I was comparing it to. This one looks good. I have seen some that are not worth having.
4200 Not a particularly impressive projector. Not real bright or sharp would be great for the kid geek in out lives to mess with, without braking the bank. Not overly complicated. Test sample provided.
4201 These are very unique wine glasses. They are tapered at the top so the aroma of the wine is funneled to your nose. Well made with no visible flaws in the glass. Would like to try some of the other designs from Lehman. Had a small gathering at the house using these glasses. Every single person that I handed wine to made a comment about how great these were.
4202 Eagles Nest Outfitters hammock colors these come in a just great. Mine is so bright it makes me smile just looking at it. Eagles Nest Outfitters makes a cool hammock, in so many ways. It's built well and you just have to appreciate it's simplicity and attention to detail from eagles nest outfitters is wonderful. Comes in a little bag made of the same material, breathable parachute woven nylon and triple interlocking stitching that keeps the hammock storage and transport size very compact, and highly portable. Does not come with suspension ties, but some climbers webbing does the trick perfectly, while not adding much to the transport weight or bulk. Hammock has a maximum capacity rating of 400 pounds. Comes with aluminum wiregate carabiners. Double nest, made for two.
4203 Twelve ounce Thinksport bottle. Think sport makes the best insulated bottles bar none. I have most manufacturers bottles and I know. This is the only one that can keep a drink iced in your hot car for three days I kid you not. I am continually stunned at how long ice stays solid in the Think Sport bottles. Ice will even stay for one day with the lid off. In case you want to know the second best is Klean Kanteen Only downside you could possibly find is the good looking shape does not fit well in bike bottle holders / cages. Does fit in my car and on my bike with some modifications of the plastic flexible cage
4204 None of these cardboard scratchers last long at all. My kitty laid on it the first day, so this looked promising. I was all ready for him to tear I to it since he loves cardboard boxes. Second day he used it for a footstool to boost himself higher to attack an area he could not scratch on the couch I was trying to protect. Hope it works better for you, as my cat never once scratched it.
4205 Don't get this camera as its really not up to current standards of wifi cameras that are now available. I have both the Dropcam and Simplecam and they work great. Yeah they cost a little more, but they work, and won't drive you nuts with problems and poor images.
4206 The wire that makes up the handle is very very thin. Mine came bent.  You can bend them back in place but the flex is so pronounced it looses its straightness easily.  Should have been manufactured with thicker wire. Much thinner that wire clothes hanger wire.
4207 I found this book to be an engaging account of an Olympians strugles with competitive sports and what it took her to achieve her goals. The author also details her account of her battle with cancer. It kept my attention, and I learned a lot about her world as the top performing Olympian, and how she dealt with huge obstacles. Mabe a tad too much detail but very enjoyable. If you are into competitive sports you will enjoy even more.
4208 I have these on my Smith and Wesson AR rifle. Easy pop up and down when needed.  Super easy install. Seem very heavy duty. My setup proves to be very accurate. It is nice that they pop down for transport to the range or field.
4209 Powerful and simple to mount.  Well made and very flexible.  Uses 8 watts of power. 144 LED's. Put out 420 Lumens  Good quality.   Sample provided
4210 And you use much less than label says. Will last a long time. Covers the chlorine or brohmide smell totally.
4211 When I first placed my order for this I had never heard of a 12 Hole Ocarina. It looked cool though. I got it in and took it out of the box and sat it on my desk. A friend came over that I had known for many years and saw it sitting there. He said hey cool Ocarina. I handed it to him and he began to play it beautifully, You learn something new every day in life. He loved it. Very good quality. Review sample.
4212 Tested this WD 40 Long Term spray out today. First off it does not smell like WD 40 in the least. Goes on exactly like lithium grease spray. Has that translucent white creamy look on wherever you spray it. I can tell you right now this stuff is going to be a dust and dirt magnet. Even when you wipe it off it still is sticky / tacky. Being as thick as it is it will no doubt inhibit rust. The odor is much less apparent than using actual WD 40 if that is an issue. Make note of the size of this can as it is very small. I was thinking that it would be the size around a standard WD 40 arisol can, but it is half that size and slim. Like the size of a small rem oil or braak free can. Its cheaper anywhere else than online.
4213 This review is for the UNITEK USB 3.1 Type C to SATA Gen 2 (10Gbps) Single Bay External Hard Drive Docking Station for 2.5"/3.5" Inch SATA SSD HDD, Support UASP and 8TB + for Mac Windows Type A PCs  Works well for its intended uses, and is made of quality plastic materials.  The transfer speeds are up to specifications listed, and I had no issues in mounting and unmounting both standard and HDD drives.  I was able to clone drives, and make large backups with this sample provided for review.
4214 Like everything that this company builds for Sonos from my experience is over built. Meaning if this speaker weighed in at sixty pounds instead of four pounds this mount would still hold it firm. Comes with mounting screws and instructions. The mount has a rubber gasket type footing to eliminate the posibility of unwanted vibration during high volumes. This is a nice understated mount, meaning you don't see much of it when mounted for a very clean install.
4215 This review is for the Cafe Tastl French Roast Single Serve Coffee, 12 Count  The maker sent me a sample pack to try the flavors that they make.  These coffees are exceptional in every way. The quality control is above and beyond.  The attention to detail making it some of the best French Roast coffee we have had.  We tested these coffees among seven different drinkers to see what they thought. They could not believe how much bold flavor without any bitterness, or acidity whatsoever. Nothing but pure flavor. All single serves were gone in one day  All seven though that these were some of the best coffees they ever had.
4216 This review is for the Star Wars R2-D2 Hot Air Popcorn Maker  What I like most about this popper is that it makes preparing popcorn fun again. It is powerful with near instant heat.  I am always loosing the measuring cup with old style air poppers. No more as the cup is part of the top of R2D2.  When using the sample provided for review I did have a few flyer kernels, but all in all it makes for a great experience.  Also if you are in a group of people in the kitchen when you pull this out, all conversations stop and the attention is now on you and R2.
4217 This thing is very convenient . I had picked up one like it (knock off) at target for a hundred bucks and after using it and scaring the crap out of me when I was up high I took it back and ordered this one. Its sturdy and you feel safe. Still a little wobble due to it telescoping but not too bad. Well designed! Fits in my hatch back sports car. I have used this ladder since 2008
4218 These are very nice looking shopping bags. The color is a dark green with sage green tree leaf design screen printed on both sides of bag. Bag is made of recycled material. Would have rated five stars if handles were a bit wider, and bag was double stitched. Bags are two inches shorter than the ones you get at grocery store for a buck and a half, but these are one inch wider.
4219 Very nice cake mix that is not too sweet. I really dislike sweet cakes.  I actually just serve the cake without icing for a lower calorie treat.  Very moist and flavorful.
4220 I don't mix with water. I find it's not very creamy but that is how chai is in its homeland of India.  Most mix with milk. I also don't use milk anymore, lactose bloat issue. I use soy and or almond milk and it has fewer calories and twice the protein. Caffe DVita makes a good chai. That being said, many have an issue with some of the the flavored versions being offered here on Amazon from Caffe DVita . What I would recommend for those wanting the best in flavored chai is to get the plain chai like this one and add your own high quality flavorings.  Want vanilla, add real pure vanilla extract.  Want chocolate, add Godiva syrup. I also like ovaltine chocolate mixed in.  Takes only a little more effort for great results.
4221 This kind of reminds me of the little Pixar lamp that hops in at the beginning of Pixar produced movies and the turns its head to look at you. It comes disassembled so you must snap the sections together. The cord is where the on off switch is.  Looks modern and will go with any decor. Black metal with weighted base. Mount is not the best for sure, so I use the base. Comes with LED bulb
4222 2014 limited edition Alice + Olivia. Very nice and keeps liquids warm. Easy to clean by hand or put in the dishwasher. Well I put in dishwasher, but it's not recommended. Done this for a year with my tumblers with no issues. Double wall insulation. I use all the time and it is holding up well. Has rubber plug in the bottom to seal, and to allow for expansion for hot and cold pressures. Six inches tall.
4223 I have not have any issues with dead power ports for over one year. I replaced this unit with a standard 8 port from netgear. I was trying to reduce the heat factor. 8 10/100 Fast Ethernet ports 4 Power over Ethernet (PoE) ports, 53w total PoE budget Others have concerns and issues with power dying at the port. Enough to recommend you might look around.
4224 This review is for the GORILLA GRIP Rectangle (35-Inch-by-16-Inch) Non-Slip Machine Washable Bath Mat, Clear  This mats stays put. Has lots of little suction cups all over the bottom.  For a mat it looks pretty good in the tub.  Easy to remove, and like the manufacturer says, just pop in the washer.  For that matter you could also pop it in the dish washer
4225 Have four different sizes of these guys. You can put quite a bit of stuff in them and are only limited by your needs or imagination. I use them to organize things rolling around in my truck. When things are out of sight in my vehicles they might as well not exist because I forget they are there. I have two of those in my center console.  One 1060 (the big one) is for mints, tylenol,,Chapstick, eyewash, pens, spare pens, sharpie markers., The other 1060 is for keys, extra keys, hitch lock key, wheel lug key, knife, box knife, spare gun magazine, small roll gorilla duct tape. Both have clear top so you don't have to dig through them to see what you're looking for.  They are tough. They get thrown around. Your tuff will be at hand, organized, and dry.  My 1050 (medium one) and 1020 for small, I keep some of the head flashlights and respective size batteries. Plus if you are on an outdoor adventure you can dump any cases out and refill with the must keep dry stuff.  Oh,and the reason I let you know about the other sizes and not just one specific model is that most are pondering which size to get, and what can fit in them. Any smaller than 1020 is for iPod, cell phone, etc.  Recommended
4226 Wow does not cover the completeness of this kit that I received for review. The pictures do not do it justice. This is a heavy serious kit to harness some of the capabilities of your go pro camera. All accessories are high quality, and well made. 1x Head band 1x Chest strap 1x 360 degree rotating wrist mount 1x Monopod stick 1x Phone clamp 1x Bike Handlebar 1x Car suction cup 1x Floaty handle grip 4x Flat surface adhesives 4x Curved surface Adhesives 2x Tripod adapter 2x Surface j-hook mount 2x Quick release buckle 4x Screw  This could easily be your only accessory kit.
4227 The sample that I received for review is black with a bright blue LED that is supposed to change to green when your device is fully charged. Never saw the green light, but this thing really cuts down on your wait time while charging. It is high power just like they say. Comes with a mini USB cable that is also black. I used this to charge a logitech mouse, and then my iPad air. Much faster than the factory chargers.
4228 I had to laugh out loud when I read one of the two star reviews of this book here on Amazon. The reviewer stated that they thought that this was 80% of what was covered in a book / video called Inbox Zero, and that you could learn all you needed to know there. That being said the same reviewer is still looking more places such as this book to help him get to inbox zero.  While some things in the box are not exactly revelations, after all its just email people, the author does explain things in an easy to understand way just like a friend is talking to you about your out of control email, and your email checking addiction. He pointed out a lot of issues that I had never really thought of that was happening in my email world both private and business. Your inbox is not a to do list. I was guilty of that one, and many more. I am very happy with the progress so far.  Email is like a disease that you need to address before it takes over your life. I have now implemented some, but not all, of the steps talked about in Declutter Your Inbox. I have much more work to do, but I am down to ten emails in my inbox down from over one hundred.
4229 Nice upgrade from the previous model, no more screw and screw to mount and un mount. Great for first person viewing angles. Nice wide band is comfortable, and you will forget you have it on after five minutes (you will still feel the camera weight just not the band around your head). Can be used on your bare noggin, caps, helmets, etc. Works good for high speeds, and also underwater. Not really meant for impact sports, but I have tried and it will work pretty good unless your head takes a direct hit, or the sudden impact shifts the camera. Head Strap is fully adjustable to fit all size heads. QuickClip allows you to attach your GoPro to a backwards baseball cap or any 3mm to 10mm thick object. Get this and let the fun begin.
4230 The Trendnet TEW 653 is a well built access point. Worked well for short distance. Easy to setup and configure, yet the range was not good enough, and the speeds were half as fast as TrendNets TEW 735 that I ended up with after returning the TEW 653 I had tested two of the TEW-653AP that were needed to cover the desired area of use with no dead spots. Ended up replacing both of those with one of trendnet TEWA 753 access points. Very pleased with the results. The Trendnet TEW 753 unit is much faster and more powerful that Trendnets other access points, but it comes at about double the price. I needed the extended power rating along with gigabit ethernet WAN ports that this unit has. Also wanted the 5gb ability that the TEW 653 did not offer.
4231 Nice collection of artist series cups from illy. Only downside here is that cups in collection ends with year 2003. Photography is top notch on glare free stock. Whether you are a collector, have a few or just one set like me, book is a nice addition to see what's out there.
4232 This review is for the Combat Sports Contoured Punch Mitts  Made of quality thick leather outer shell, and dense foam inside.  Fits well on both hands.  Contour shape of the pads allows for centering of impacts.  Pads are thick and dissipate the strike energy well protecting your hands.
4233 Pen itself, the ink is not very good at all. Any Bic pen ink would be better. The writing is very awkward. Cool at first then it will be put away in a drawer never to be seen again.
4234 These are a good value for the set of four micro bikini, and they fit a little small.  They are made of a combination of modal Fibre/Spandex, and are very soft and comfy.  The crotch area is such like and larger as not to bind and to accommodate large items.  If you are larger in that area, it does enhance this large look and kind of looks odd. Like a giant bird beak.  They look great on my man as well. Test sample provided for review
4235 Griots is always good quality cleaning supplies, but their products do not like temperature fluctuations. If you leave it in an area where is will freeze most of their products will separate. You can still use them after you vigorously shake them up and let them sit for awhile, but you will not get great results. This is particularly true of the speed shine product. Keep them stored indoors / not in a non heated garage and you will be satisfied. I have tossed quite a bit of Griots over the years because my garage is not heated and just not enough in house storage room for everything.  The interior cleaner here is nice and does not have that funky smell of a lot of interior products. The biggest advantage or plus is that griots won't deteriorate your vinyl, leather, and plastic parts like armor all does when its hit by the sun. If you can get used to the price Griots will be your friend.
4236 Less money than the blue, and looks better. Reflects the sun instead of taking it until it falls apart. Feels like it will last longer than old blue we've all used.
4237 Very good book. This is the abridged and I preferred the un abridges personally  This is a classic that will give you some serious insight as to how your brain works, and how it can work for you.
4238 Quality is your average walmart stuff, so don't expect sears craftsman or better. One the bright side these have great feeling handles. Pretty tough but new already starting to rust. Made in China
4239 This stand or tail as it is called is an addition or replacement for your Octa Lynx iPad holder. Easy to install and made of quality materials.
4240 These are the very colorful knives. Much more so than any other set I can recall seeing. While they have the appearance of the knives that are made of ceramic, these are color coated stainless steel. They are heavier than the ceramic, but are not as fragile. The only downside that I can find in this set is that the sharpness is so varying. Some knives are very sharp, others are dull as a rock. So you will be sharpening some of them, just know that going in. My peeler was defective and had a big chip out of it, so I am not going to review that part. This would make an impressive gift as it is visually stunning with all the colors. The knife handles feel good in your hand. Very form fitting. Sample provided,
4241 First faucet looks good. Finish looks like stainless. All matches well. The problem is with the cheap ass plastic handle. Another reviewer says its not plastic and to get a magnet. So I searched for a magnet. Ten hours later (probably ten minutes but it was freezing in the garage) I found two magnets and guess what..... one magnet kind of had a little bit of pull. The other one nothing. Might have been some metal behind the cheap ass plastic, or the handle is some sort of alloy that is not very magnetic. Either its cheap ass plastic or metal that feels like cheap ass plastic. You can squeeze it and it flexes all over like ....well you know. I would look at another model of Moen unless you are into cheap ass plastic or metal that is disguised as cheap ass plastic. If I had paid full price I would be P.O.
4242 I am a frequent headphone user and own Sennheiser, HiFiman, Bowers, Grado, Sony, and others. Velodyne vFree headphone have a very modern look, bordering on sci fi, which I like a lot. They are very lightweight and comfortable to wear long term with no discomfort. The cushion is soft on the ears, so it's easy to wear without feeling irritated. Bluetooth is easily connected to phone ipad, or android flavor. Connection is very fast.  I listened mostly with the ipad. Sound isolation is good. I tested while listening in bed and received no negative feedback even at high volumes.  I was surprised at the sound quality, which had great lows, mids and highs. While the spectrum and power was not audiophile quality of corded headphones costing much more, they had some of the best sound of any cordless I have tested. I will be using these as my bedside headphones for private listening and not worry about bothering others. Yes these are closed design.  The other interesting feature are the control buttons one one side that are puzzle like fitting together for a clean line effect. Had to read the instructions to see which end of the toggling button did what but it is cool.  Note battery life is rather lacking and the blue flashing light bugs the snot out of anyone if you are listening in bed.
4243 This review is for the Sherpa Dog Carrier Bag black  This carrier is like the mobile command unit for your pet. Its construction is very solid and well made.  I have had many pet carrier over the years, and the quality of this is so much higher in every way.  Zippers and hardware are top notch, and just show the thought of design that went into this carrier.  Perfect for travel. Measures 20 inches in length, 11inches in total height, and 12 inches wide Sample provided for review
4244 Always get the Oberto in the white bags for the real all natural without all the chemicals. Good taste. The only suspect ingredient for those that care about feeling good and living healthy without living at the doctors office and pharmacy is the "natural ingredients". This can mean many things, including the dreaded jerky varmint MSG or monosodium glutamate which kills brain neurons. They don't add any MSG so this one is good.
4245 This review is for the original scumbug spa goo collector sponge.  Does exactly what it is supposed to do. Just rinse out, or put in the dish washer.
4246 This unit is much faster and more powerful that Trendnets other access points, but it comes at about double the price. I had tested two of the TEW-653AP that were needed to cover the desired area of use with no dead spots. Ended up replacing both of those with one of these access points. Very pleased with the results. I had originally considered the Trendnet TEW-653AP but the lack of features for modern high speed needs left that one out of the running. Speed of 300mbps vs 600 mbps. I needed the extended power rating along with gigabit ethernet WAN ports that this unit has. Also wanted the 5gb ability that the TEW 653 did not offer.  Here is the power output for those who want the details. Transmit. 802.11a: FCC/CE: 17 dBm/-75 dBm (typical) @ 54 Mbps 802.11b: FCC/CE: 20 dBm/-90 dBm (typical) @ 11 Mbps 802.11g: FCC/CE: 17 dBm/-76 dBm (typical) @ 54 Mbps 802.11n: FCC/CE: 17 dBm/-69 dBm (typical) @ 300 Mbps 2.4GHz &5 GHz 802.11n: FCC/CE: 18 dBm/-70 dBm (typical) @ 300 Mbps 5 GHz  The Wifi Standards are: IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n, IEEE 802.3/3u/3ab, IEEE 802.3af/az
4247 This 24 pack is Bottled at the source in the Fijian Islands Fiji Water is the second largest imported water brand in the United States. Preserved and protected by one of the world\'s last virgin ecosystems Fiji Water begins as rainfall that is purified by trade winds as they travel across the Pacific Ocean to the islands of Fiji. There rainfall filters through layers of volcanic rock absorbing vital minerals such as silica that give the water its unique taste profile. Gathering in an aquifer deep within the ground Fiji Water remains protected from external elements even as it travels through a sealed bottling system. The result is water as pure as nature intended untouched by human hands until you unscrew the cap.
4248 This is ok but seems to be not as strong as the hopes number nine in the bottle. Should come with the little straw like every other spray like wd40, break free, etc., but it does not. The spray nozzle has a wide pattern that does not miss getting on everything on your work bench. Nothing like having overspray onto the optics of your bushmaster AR when it was a good five feet away. And no the optics finish is not hoppes proof.
4249 Great scrubbers. I go through one or two each summer. Easy to install in about five seconds. Fits most Polaris model tails. 260, 280, 360 etc..
4250 This light will run a long time as it has two 18650 rechargeable batteries that is housed in the compartment at the back of the headlamp. The light is bright. I tested against two nitecore 18650 powered headlamp and hand held lights. This light was brighter than the nitecore headlamp which is 500 lumens. It was  much brighter than the hand held nitecore t26 which is 750 lumens. So it appears on high this is about pretty accurate about its lumens. It is nice that you can adjust the beam from long throw to wide spill. Comes with two batteries, car charger, wall charger. You can also tap into the batteries with included adapter to charge your phone or tablets. Includes two batteries.
4251 Weber wood flavoring chunks are very good quality. Be sure and use a small amount right before you put on your food as they burn up extremely fast. If you cook in an egg be aware of these casing a flash flame upon opening. It doesn't matter how ell you soak them the high egg temperatures dry the wood quickly. Took all the hair off my arm. That was an exciting moment. Small chunks are easy to use.
4252 Skippy natural comes in several varieties. None of which have an oily layer that needs stirring, nor do they use artificial flavors or preservatives. The best tasting of the natural varieties.
4253 EU version of the Qnap 231. With this Qnap you get a lot for your money. Inexpensive, PLEX support, decent app and options to choose from. Has good performance as a home or small business NAS with three USB 3.0, one eSATA, and dual LAN ports. DRAM 512MB Flash Memory 512MB  Supported Clients Windows 7 and Windows Server 2003 onward, Apple Mac OS X onward, Linux & UNIX  Supported Browsers Google Chrome Microsoft Internet Explorer 10+ Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari  Storage Management Single Disk, JBOD, RAID 0, 1 Online RAID capacity expansion Online RAID level migration Bad block scan and hard drive S.M.A.R.T. Bad block recovery RAID recovery Bitmap support  Works with 2.5-inch and 3.5-inch SATA hard disk drives and/or solid-state drives (SSD) from major hard drive brands. For the compatible hard disks, please check the compatibility list on QNAP website (http://www.qnap.com/compatibility).  1 to 2-drive single disk volume, JBOD, RAID 0, 2-drive RAID 1.  For complete information you can just click here for the operating manual. http://us1.qnap.com/Storage/Manual/QTS_user_manual_SMB_eng_4.1_2015_0115.pdf
4254 This study of Black streetcorner men by noted anthropologist, Dr. Elliot Liebow, was his doctoral dissertation. It became recognized as one of the more important sociological treatises at the time it was written; a time during which Blacks or African Americans were still referred to as Negroes. Dr. Liebow's year and a half long study of a group of disaffected Black males, who routinely frequented a streetcorner in Washington, D.C.'s inner city, provided the basis for the dissertation that gave rise to this book. His analysis of this particular societal subculture, in the context of the overall social milieu in which it exists, is still relevant today. While scholarly, the book is written in an engaging conversational tone, which makes for easy reading. This book should be read by all those with an interest in the social sciences.
4255 This well written and compelling work of non-fiction recounts the political events that led up to the French Revolution and the tragedy that befell the royal family, Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, and their two living children, the Louis-Charles and Marie-Therese. It gives insight into just how the royal family was treated after the revolutionists were in charge.  The book details the terms of their imprisonment in Temple Tower. It is almost hard to believe the cruelty with which they were met. The heartbreak of the King and Queen is palpable as they realized what fate had in store for them. Moreover, their fear for the fate of their children must have been an incalculable agony, piercing the heart and soul of the King and Queen.  While the indignities imposed upon the King and Queen were insufferable,  once the royal couple met their fate at the guillotine, what was done to the now eight year old King Louis XVII was downright cruel and inhuman. Barbaric beyond belief, his treatment was nothing short of shocking. While his thirteen year old sister was also cruelly treated, her experience paled in comparison to that of her once happy and cherubic little brother.  When Louis XVII was declared dead two years later, the fact that there was no marked grave sparked rumors that the he had escaped and was still among the living. Over the years, many came forward claiming to be the lost King of France. It was not until the twenty-first century that the mystery was laid to rest, thanks to DNA testing and a heart purported to be that of Louis XVII.  This is a fascinating, well-researched book that will keep the reader turning the pages. Bravo!
4256 Set in Italy at the end of World War II, this is a thematically complex novel that deals with the frailties of the human spirit, good and evil in the context of faith, as well as the uplifting power redemption. Well written and moving, this book will give the reader much food for thought.  Monsignor Blaise Meredith, an Englishman by birth, has just been diagnosed with cancer and given a death sentence. Moreover, he is having a crisis of faith and to make things more difficult, he has just been appointed by the Vatican to become the Devil's Advocate in the investigation for the beatification, the first step towards sainthood, of Giacamo Nerone, a man killed by Communist partisans.  Reluctantly, Monsignor Meredith travels to a poor, remote village in Calabria to begin his work. While there he will not only discover much about Giacamo Nerone, he will also discover much about himself. In doing so, he develops an understanding of people, an understanding that has long eluded him, recapturing that which he thought he had lost.
4257 This is a heart warming, family friendly Disney movie that is based upon the true story of Texan Jim Morris, a baseball buff and minor leagues player has been, who becomes a high school teacher and baseball coach in a town where football is king. To motivate the lackluster baseball team he coaches, Jim strikes a deal with the team, which the  the team initiates, knowing that their coach pitches a mean fast ball. Jim agrees that if they wins the district championship, he will try out for a major leagues baseball team. Much to his surprise and chagrin, the high school team he coaches goes on to take it all, and the thirty something Jim is forced to come to terms with his pledge. He does so, trying out for a major leagues baseball team, and finds himself living a dream come true. How can he not, with a fast ball clocking at 98 miles per hour? Dennis Quaid, with his shy, boyish charm and ingratiating toothy grin, is terrific in the role of Jim Morris. Rachel Griffiths is excellent as his down to earth, supportive wife. The rest of the cast also give very good performances. With its G rating, this film is suitable for all ages. It is an enjoyable, feel good, message movie. The DVD has a number of excellent bonus features, in additional to the usual deleted scenes segment. Baseball buffs and those who play the game will certainly enjoy the feature "Spring Training: Tips From the Pros". I especially enjoyed the featurette  "The Inspirational Story of Jim Morris", in which Jim Morris himself tells in his own words the incredible journey that led to the realization of his dream.
4258 This is a panoramic novel that is centered on the Dracula legend. It is a beautifully written, suspenseful work that traces the diabolical fifteenth century reign of Vlad the Impaler and the myths that surround him and converts them into a stunning, page turning debut novel.  The focus of the novel is on a father and daughter and their own personal family history, which turns out to be intertwined with that of Vlad the Impaler. When her father suddenly goes missing, the daughter embarks on a personal quest to discover his fate. During her quest, a heart pounding adventure unto itself, she ends up discovering as much about her own family history as she does about that of Vlad the Impaler. What she finds out is simply amazing.  Exciting and replete with much historical detail, those with an appreciation of history, as well as those with an affinity for vampire lore, will find much to enjoy in this highly creative and original novel. The only criticism is that it sometimes tends to get bogged down with a little too much detail. Still, the author is a born storyteller with a penchant for elegant prose, and she has certainly elevated the Dracula legend with her book.
4259 Written over sixty years ago, time has not diminished the capacity of this book to capture the reader's heart. This coming of age story that takes place in turn of the century Brooklyn will simply enthrall the reader with its descriptive passages and its richly developed characters. This book survives the passage of time without becoming anachronistic, because the themes upon which it touches are universal ones.  The story centers on the Nolan family. The central character is the daughter, Mary Frances Nolan. Known as "Francie" to all and sundry, she is an intelligent child growing up in poverty in the tenements of Brooklyn with her charming father, a singing waiter and an alcoholic, her hard-working and practical, no-nonsense mother, and her younger brother, who enjoys favored son status in his mother's heart. Surrounding the family are a host of characters that are richly drawn and serve to add to the ambiance of the story as it enfolds.  The events that transpire in the book are seen through Francie's eyes. Her family's struggle with poverty, her father's alcoholism, her mother's steely-eyed determination to keep her family afloat, and Francie's thirst for knowledge and desire for higher education all serve to make this child strong and thrive, where others might only despair. Such is Francie's strength of character. It is that strength that helps her to battle her self-doubts, her loneliness, and lack of friends, while growing up.  This is a beautifully rendered story, a true American classic that will keep the reader turning its pages.
4260 My friend gave me this book, saying that she thought I would enjoy it, as it reminded her of some of our conversations. As soon as I began reading this book, I knew exactly what she meant. These fifteen essays are funny and relatable, especially is one is an older woman. More so, if one is also an inhabitant of New York City. Whether it is bemoaning one's turkey neck, or finding joy in rediscovering a favorite food, or getting one's hair and nails done, these essays, written in the most conversational of tones,  resonated with me and made me laugh. Deduct one star from my rating, if one is not a woman of a certain age from  New York City.
4261 The late great Jack Olsen is one of the greatest true crime writers around, along with Ann Rule. With this book, the author explores the life of George Russell, Jr., a young, highly intelligent  African-American who lived with his mother, step-father, and half-sister in the affluent Seattle suburb of Mercer Island. There was little to indicate at the time that he would grow up to become a notorious serial killer, murdering three young women before being stopped. The author gives a fact based account of what happened, relying heavily upon interviews of those who knew George Russell, Jr. It would appear that George was an ingratiating, silver tongued devil, with a propensity for lying. Still, this charismatic Svengali had a following among the very young teens with whom he would associate. He also had a peculiar approach towards  women, based probably on the distorted and distant relationship with his own mother, a cold and austere woman who abandoned George to his step-father, when she divorced him. The story of George Russell, Jr. and his infamous crimes is well laid out by the author in a no nonsense style. Those looking for tabloid sensationalism should look elsewhere. It is the facts, ma'm, strictly the facts, with little attempt at analysis. The book lacks crime scene photographs or even a photograph of the killer around whom this story unfolds. The book is simply a  straightforward, take it or leave it presentation of this killer's story without input from the killer. Consequently, the book suffers somewhat from these omissions. Still, it is a well told tale that is sure to interest those with a penchant for the true crime genre.
4262 Ruth Rendell is a fabulous British author who has churned out mystery after mystery filled with dark, demented twists. This is another tautly plotted, well crafted mystery with characters that, though seemingly normal, are just a tad off the beaten path. This book features Martin Urban, a staid and somewhat stuffy young man who would have felt at home in Victorian England. Martin wins a very large sum of money in a football pool with a little help from Tim Sage, an old friend of his. Altruistic and given to some rather god-like pronouncements, Martin wishes to give the money away to the deserving poor, in order to enable them to buy a home. Poor Martin, there are none so blind, as those who will not see. Beset by subliminal homo-erotic thoughts regarding Tim Sage, he meets a mysterious young woman named Francesca, who is as demure and submissive as a Victorian maiden and captures his heart. Unfortunately,  she is bound to another. All, however, is not as Martin thinks that it is. Enter Finn, the twisted son of Lena, former cleaning lady to Martin's mother. When Finn's path crosses that of Martin's, during one of Martin's fumbling attempts to give some of his winnings away, a very clever dialogue ensues between these two with some unexpected, deadly results. Fans of Ms. Rendell will not be disappointed by this book. It is filled with the slightly off-beat characters for which she is known, some of whom harbor dark twisted thoughts, while others are entirely socio-pathic. Well-written is spare, clear prose and filled with enough twists and turns to satisfy the most discerning of readers, this is another gem in Ms. Rendell's treasure trove of mysteries.
4263 This is a novel with a panoramic sweep, taking place in nineteenth century Australia. The author, an accomplished storyteller, weaves a spellbinding story about a young woman who goes to Australia upon the death of her parents in order to unravel a mystery that haunted her mother and drove her into an early grave.  In Australia, she finds much happiness when she falls in love with the owner of a prosperous sheep station, but the years go by, the mystery ever present and on her mind. She takes great pains to unravel it, and in the process learns much about herself. It is not, however, until she is overtaken by the forces of nature and a new path opens for her that she is able to unravel the mystery that compelled her to go to Australia.  The book is rich in its imagery and descriptions of life on a sheep station in nineteenth century Australia. It is replete with period detail. Moreover, the description of the culture and plight of the Aborigines makes for interesting reading. This book is everything that a historical novel should be, as it is both entertaining and informative. I thoroughly enjoyed this book, disappointed only in the too abrupt ending that left some issues unresolved. Still, this is definitely a book to be savored. Those readers that are fond of the historical fiction genre will definitely find it worth reading.
4264 This is about as engrossing a true crime book as one can get. Well-researched and compellingly written, it tracks the story of three families whose lives intertwine only to culminate in boodshed. It is a story that will enthrall the reader, as well as tug at the reader's heartstrings, because of the tragic familial implications. At the heart of the horror that this book reveals is a beautiful southern belle, Susie Sharp Newsom Lynch, who together with her first cousin and lover, Fritz Klenner, the mentally unbalanced son of a prominent doctor, goes on to be involved in unspeakable acts. It is a riveting book that will keep the reader turning the pages and is one of the best books in the true crime genre.
4265 I bought this laptop because I fell in love with both the price and the color. Once I got rid of all the crap with which it was loaded, I was happy as a clam with it. The computer is super lightweight, and the screen is plenty big for my needs. It is a good,  compact little laptop,  which I have had and used for nearly two years without incident. I bought it primarily because I run scrabble tournaments and needed a small computer in which to do the data entry for these tournaments. This compact computer fit the bill and then some.
4266 The Poldark series of twelve novels is truly an epic saga. Beautifully written by a born storyteller, these novels steadfastly hold readers in their thrall. With wonderfully realized, well-fleshed and believable characters, as well as  an authenticity of time and place reflecting the social mores of the times,  these novels of Cornwall and the Poldark family  provide many hours of reading pleasure for those who enjoy the historical fiction genre.  In this,  the sixth novel in the series, which tells of events talking place in the years 1795 through 1797, the focus in the main is on the lives of four of the women: Demelza Poldark, Elizabeth Warleggan, Caroline Penvenen, and Morwenna Chynoweth. It is they who are the four swans. All will suffer great personal angst. All the while, Ross Poldark and George Warleggan continue to be sworn enemies. Moreover, when politics enters the picture with all its attendant power and  influence, the gulf between them grows ever wider, as does their mutual loathing.  All those who read this novel will eagerly look forward to reading the seventh one. The Poldark Saga is vastly entertaining and highly recommended.
4267 The front cover of this  notebook, with its artwork of a sleeping white cat  by well known  Montreal artist,  Heather Midori Yamada, is simply beautiful. The back cover artwork is that of a black cat. So, if one is a cat lover, one will love this elegant looking, beautifully designed notebook. I also love the fact that the notebook is bound Japanese style, which allows the notebook to open almost flat. Moreover, the binding is stunning and reminds me of bamboo.  This notebook, which I received from the seller at a discounted price in exchange for an impartial review,  has 160 unlined, ivory colored pages that are smooth to the touch. They are perfect for sketching and drawing. The notebook is small enough to fit in one's bag. So, it is perfect for taking  on one's travels.  The only criticism is that once the notebook is opened, the top cover does not lie perfectly flat when closed. Instead, it turns up slightly at each end. This is, however, a very small criticism of a truly lovely notebook.
4268 The late great Jack Olsen is one of the greatest true crime writers around, along with Ann Rule. With this book, the author explores the life of George Russell, Jr., a young, highly intelligent African-American who lived with his mother, step-father, and half-sister in the affluent Seattle suburb of Mercer Island. There was little to indicate at the time that he would grow up to become a notorious serial killer, murdering three young women before being stopped.  The author gives a fact based account of what happened, relying heavily upon interviews of those who knew George Russell, Jr. It would appear that George was an ingratiating, silver tongued devil, with a propensity for lying. Still, this charismatic Svengali had a following among the very young teens with whom he would associate. He also had a peculiar approach towards women, based probably on the distorted and distant relationship with his own mother, a cold and austere woman who abandoned George to his step-father, when she divorced him.  The story of George Russell, Jr. and his infamous crimes is well laid out by the author in a no nonsense style. Those looking for tabloid sensationalism should look elsewhere. It is the facts, ma'm, strictly the facts, with little attempt at analysis. The book lacks crime scene photographs or even a photograph of the killer around whom this story unfolds. The book is simply a straightforward, take it or leave it presentation of this killer's story without input from the killer. Consequently, the book suffers somewhat from these omissions. Still, it is a well told tale that is sure to interest those with a penchant for the true crime genre.
4269 This historical true crime book focuses on a late 19th century serial killer, Jane Toppan. As a nurse, this "angel of mercy" managed to send quite a number of people to meet their maker before their time. Jane Toppan went about her business for years before her indulgences were curtailed by the law.  The author reviews the killer's life of crime and her subsequent trial in the context and social mores of the time, He analyses her actions and the way that she was viewed by the public. Jane Toppan was, indeed, a seriously disturbed woman, a true sociopath devoid of a conscience. Yet, those who had survived her ministrations were loathe to believe that this woman could commit such heinous and nefarious acts.  The book is well-researched and those who like reading historical true crime will derive enjoyment from this well-written overview and analysis of the life and times of Jane Toppan. The late nineteenth century is vividly brought to life, as the author provides a peek into the social history of the time, which enables the reader to see the progress that society has made on so many different levels since then. Unfortunately, however, serial killers still walk amongst us.
4270 This book recounts an amazing tale of courage, fortitude, and the will to live, despite dire circumstances. The author, Joe Simpson, and his climbing partner, Simon Yates, attempted to ascend a perilous section of the Peruvian Andes. Near the summit, tragedy struck when Joe, up over 19,000 feet, fell and hit a slope at the base of a cliff, breaking his right leg, rupturing his right knee, and shattering his right heel. Beneath him was a seemingly endless fall to the bottom.  When Simon reached him, they both knew that the chances for getting Joe off the mountain were virtually non-existent. Yet, they fashioned a daring plan to do just that. For the next few hours, they worked in tandem through a snowstorm, and managed a risky, yet effective way of trying to lower Joe down the mountain.  About three thousand feet down, Joe, who was still roped to Simon, dropped off an edge and found himself now free hanging in space six feet away from an ice wall, unable to reach it with his axe. The edge was over hung about fifteen feet above him. The dark outline of a crevasse lay about a hundred feet directly below him.  Joe could not get up, and Simon could not get down. In fact, Joe's weight began to pull Simon off the mountain. So, Simon was finally forced to do the only thing he could do under the circumstances. He cut the rope, believing that he was consigning his friend to certain death. Therein lies the tale.  What happens next is sure to make one believe in miracles. This is an absorbing read and one of the great stories in mountaineering literature.
4271 This book tells the story of a haunted house and the haunted souls that inhabit it. When Don Lark, a former home builder whose life was destroyed by the tragic death of his only child, sees the Bellamy House, he knows that beneath the years of neglect lies a diamond in the rough. He buys the house from a real estate agent with whom he forms an immediate bond, only to discover that she, too, has her own personal tragedy with which to contend, one that is anathema to him given his own tragic past.  After Don buys the house, he moves in with the intent of restoring it. He soon realizes that there is another inhabitant in the house, a mysterious woman named Sylvie. He also discovers that he has two somewhat eccentric old women who live next door. They, too, have secrets. They ply him with a home cooked meal and let him know that they adamantly oppose his renovation of the Bellamy house.  As Don renovates the Bellamy House, strange things begin to happen within. Moreover, he finds himself becoming interested in Sylvie who also seems to be changing. There is definitely something afoot at the Bellamy House, and Don needs to find out what it is before it is too late for them all.  The books starts off promisingly enough but soon careens out of control with characters that are poorly developed and subplots that go nowhere and add nothing to the book. Still, fans of haunted house stories and those who like books that have supernatural portents will get a modicum of enjoyment from reading this book.
4272 Based upon the novel of the same name by Trevanian and directed by Clint Eastwood who also stars in it, this is an interesting action film, as most of the relevant action takes place on the Eiger mountain in the Swiss Alps.  The story line is fairly simple. A retired professional assassin and climber turned art collector, played by Eastwood, is suddenly forced out of retirement when he is made an offer he can't refuse. His mission is to kill an unknown double agent who deep sixed a close friend of Eastwood.  Be prepared for total political incorrectness and rampant sexism reminiscent of the early Bond flicks. It is somewhat jarring to see and hear in these politically correct times. When you see the film, you will know what I mean. Notwithstanding this, it is still an entertaining film.  Eastwood's quest for the unknown double agent takes him to the Eiger, where he ultimately makes a life changing decision, as does his friend, played by George Kennedy. This film should appeal to those who enjoy thrillers, buddy films, and action movies. Climbing enthusiasts will also enjoy it for the spectacular mountain footage and gripping climbing scenes.
4273 This is a book that gets off to a promising start, as the author discusses her lifelong compulsion to over-indulge with respect to food and the self-loathing that accompanied her compulsion. While the author writes well,  the book begins to head south as the author's self-absorption begins to cast a pall. She is a woman whose weight begins to dominate her every thought and her entire life. Who would have thought that one hundred and seventy pounds of avoirdupois on a five foot two frame would be so tragic for someone?  When the author is diagnosed with a mental disorder that simply requires her to medicate herself, the reader is relieved that the author's ordeal is over, as is that of the reader. While the author writes with a certain self-deprecating sense of humor, it is not enough to disguise the self-absorption throughout. Therein lies her true gluttony.
4274 Having read People magazine for approximately twenty five years, it was with great regret that I recently dropped my subscription. It used to be that many of the stories covered by People magazine would be about ordinary people to whom something extraordinary had happened, or who were doing something unusual or noteworthy. These accounts were often fascinating. The magazine also included some stories on celebrities. It was a great mix, and I looked forward to every issue. In the past two or three years, however, the magazine appears to have shifted its original focus. Stories on young celebrities, particularly those of the silver screen or music world, seem to dominate the magazine. Gossipy and gushing in its coverage of these celebrities, I no longer find People to be a particularly interesting magazine. If you are a celebrity buff, you will probably enjoy this magazine.
4275 This is a beautifully written story about conjoined twins named Rose and Ruby. Abandoned by their mother at birth, they are adopted by a kindly couple, Lovey and Stash Darlen.  Lovey was one of the nurses present at the hospital when they were born.  Conjoined at the head, Rose and Ruby have a symbiotic relationship. Yet, for all their symbiosis, they are two very different and unique individuals. When Rose, who has a penchant for writing, decides to write her memoir, Ruby decides to add her two cents and write some chapters herself. This book is the story of their lives.  Written as two parallel stories, the author makes  the voice of each twin distinct. Each of their narratives is redolent of the personality and world view of the twin writing the chapter. This is difficult to do, and the author succeeds brilliantly.  This is certainly a book that will keep the reader turning the pages, At times heartbreakingly poignant, the book is infused with humor and wit, as well as a strong reminder that life is what one makes of it. Bravo!
4276 This dress, which was made in China, arrived as a very small package. It was stuffed in a cellophane bag and mailed to me in a plastic wrapper. When I took the dress out of the bag, the skirt portion of the dress was a wrinkled, rumpled mess. The fabric of the skirt is a very thin, sateen type of fabric that is quite cheesy and totally unlined. Moreover, the proportions of the dress are off kilter. I am shortwaisted, and the waist of this dress sat about two inches above my own waist.  The only thing nice about this dress is the color combination. I love the black and aqua blue combination, but that is where the love affair ends. The dress, which I received from the seller in exchange for an impartial review,  is simply dreadful. It is cheaply made and looks it. I would not dream of  being seen in public in it.
4277 This is a gripping account of the deadly storm which engulfed Mt. Everest in May 1996 and left a trail of dead bodies in its wake on the south face of the mountain. The author writes about the storm as experienced on the  north face: hence, the title of the book. He writes about the tragedy which  engulfed the north side of Everest, in which death also came calling.  The author provides many details of his expedition's ascent which is  sure to fascinate and delight all Everest junkees. The narrative is  compelling and absorbing. The tragic deaths of three members of the Indian  team who reached the summit, only to become engulfed by the storm during  their descent down the precipitous north face of Everest, trapping them  over night, is heartbreaking. The callousness of a Japanese expedition who,  on their ascent to the summit the following day, passed the Indian  climbers, still alive but near death, and refused to aid them in their  extremis, is truly shocking.  The author also rehashes the effect of the  storm on the south face and the heavy toll of life it exacted there. Jon  Krakauer, however, does it better in his gripping book "Into Thin  Air".  In the final analysis, the author, Matt Dickinson, a novice  climber who first ascended Everest that May 1996, comes across as a  self-absorbed, selfish sort of lout. Notwithstanding  his own personal  shortcomings, however, his book still makes for an absorbing read.
4278 This is an engrossing film of a cold, calculating, and manipulative woman, Harriet Craig, who is married to Walter Craig, a very nice man who adores her. She lives in an impeccably appointed mansion with him, has two servants, and a poor relation, Claire, who caters to her every whim. Life should be great. Wrong! Harriet is not happy, unless she is able to control everyone and everything around her. A regular martinet and perfectionist, she is cruel to the servants and totally self absorbed. If something does not revolve around Harriet, then it is of no import. She stops at nothing to get what she wants, even if it means destroying those who love her. Harriet keeps her husband on a short lease, and he is so besotted by her that, at first, he does not even notice. She is a master at maintaining her own status quo. Then, one day she goes too far. Walter is going get a long awaited promotion that will require him to travel abroad. As this does not fit in with Harriet's plans, she surreptitiously moves heaven and earth to quash the promotion. At first, Walter is puzzled by his change of circumstances, but when he discovers Harriet's treachery, no more Mr. Nice Guy. Joan Crawford is magnificent as the cold, implacable, and  shrewish Harriet. Wendell Corey is wonderful as the besotted husband, who has his kind heart ripped out by his wife's perfidy. Look for a wonderful performance by the delightful Lucille Watson, as the perceptive wife of Walter's boss. While Harriet may have fooled everyone else, she certainly did not fool her. This is a wonderful film that all Joan Crawford fans will love. Aficionados of classic films will, likewise, enjoy it. Bravo!
4279 When Ruby Monroe returns to Texas from her tour of duty in Iraq, where she worked as a contract driver for a non-military contractor, no one is happier that she is back home than Ruby. Eager to be reunited with her four year old daughter, Zo, who has been staying with Misty, Ruby's younger sister, as Ruby is a widow, she is looking forward to picking up her life where she left off. The money she earned overseas will give her and Zo a chance at having a comfortable life together.  No sooner does she arrive in Texas, her back pack is stolen at the airport. Even worse, for some inexplicable reason, her sister and her daughter do not go to the airport to meet and greet her. When she manages to get home, Ruby discovers that Misty and Zo are missing and her home destroyed. She then turns to her neighbor Sam McCoy, who happens to be her deceased husband's foster bother. Sam, however, has a checkered past and is currently on felony probation with the feds. So, he has to tread very carefully. Sam, however, is not the only one with secrets, as Ruby has brought one home with her, as well.  This is an action packed, intricately plotted mystery that is a bit on the dark and gloomy side.  This is not a book for someone that is looking for light romantic suspense. I actually bought this book thinking that I was buying a book by Carlene Thompson, who writes light romantic suspense, only to discover while I was reading it that the author was actually Colleen Thompson. Still, I got a modicum of enjoyment from it, though it was not my cup of tea.
4280 This is a page turner of a book. Those who enjoy romantic suspense with paranormal overtones will love it. It is hugely entertaining. Having read many of this West Virginian author's books, she never fails to deliver. This book is no exception.  Dr. Chyna Greer was just sixteen when tragedy struck. Her best friend, Zoey, went to meet a secret heartthrob one night by the lake, despite Chyna's exhortations to the contrary. Unfortunately, it was a tryst from which Zoey was never to return. She simply seemed to have vanished into thin air.  Twelve Years later, when Chyna returns to make arrangements for her mother, who met with an untimely death, she finds herself besieged by memories of Zoey and by what seems to be messages from Zoey from beyond the pale. Thus, Chyna becomes aware that Zoey was just one of a number of teenage girls from her hometown, who were abducted and killed.  Chyna's extra sensory perception, which she has always looked upon as a curse, is the one tool that will enable to unlock the secrets that will reveal just who is responsible for the evil that has blanketed her home town. The only question is whether she herself will be able to survive it.
4281 New Englander Peter Webster is a very young paramedic learning the ropes, when is called to the scene of an auto accident involving a young woman, Sheila Arsenault, who was driving while intoxicated. Peter finds himself strongly drawn to her, and becomes involved in a love affair with her that ends in marriage, when she becomes pregnant. All is seemingly well for a while. The newly weds look as if they might actually make a go if it. They have a beautiful little girl whom they name Rowan.  Unfortunately, Sheila's demons take possession and overwhelm her, causing her to drink excessively once more. When she hits rock bottom, Peter makes a decision that will leave their daughter to grow up without her mother.  This is a compelling exploration of relationships by a master storyteller. The author also captures the rhythm of small town living, creating an ambience that draws the reader in. Her characters are well-fleshed, though not always entirely sympathetic. Moreover, it is a story that is heartfelt, dealing as it does with a panoply of human emotions.
4282 This is a well-researched and well-written work of historical fiction. Ambitious in scope, it covers two turbulent periods in English history through the eyes of two women who lived less than 100 years apart, Katherine Plantagenet, the illegitimate daughter of King Richard III, and Katherine Grey, sister of the nine day queen, Jane Grey.  The book unfolds the historical events in which they were embroiled, which acts as a backdrop for each of their lives. The chapters in the book alternate between the lives of the two women, and there certainly are parallels between the two that are unmistakable. The women are also bonded by one common thread, the issue of what happened to the princes in the tower, the sons of King Edward IV.  The book is rich in period detail and history, and the author weaves a compelling and interesting narrative.  I found the book hard to put down, as I was drawn to the story of these two women. Those who like the historical fiction genre, as well as those who are fans of the author, will find much to enjoy in this book.
4283 his book covers some of the territory the author covered in her best selling novel, "Green Darkness", that of past lives. The trouble is that the author is unable to capture the magic inherent in her best seller. While this well researched book is of some interest, due to its subject matter, there the similarities stop. Those who have read the other will be somewhat disappointed with this readable, though somewhat tepid, fare.  Here the book revolves around a young New Englander, Amy Delatour, a teenage girl of French Acadian-English lineage, who often goes into a fugue stage where she believes she is a tormented soul named Ange-Marie, a French Acadian in exile in eighteenth century Connecticut who had been separated from her beloved husband, Paul. The shy and bookish Amy lives in a state of anguish and uncertainty, until one of her high school teachers, Martin Stone, takes an interest in this unusual, highly intelligent young woman. Together they will try to get at the bottom of her mysterious dream states and her fire phobia.  The novel starts out promisingly enough, but it never quite reaches its promise. It has a feel of needing to be further fleshed out. While parts of the book are quite interesting, the reader feels as if one where given a delicious appetizer to tempt the palate, only to find that the main course is not forthcoming. Still, there is enough in this novel to make for a pleasant read. Those who have an interest in past lives regression will surely find this book to be of interest.
4284 This is a terrific sci-fi flick with an excellent cast.  It is sort of an "Invasion of the Body-Snatchers" or "Puppet Masters" gone MTV. Set in a small town high school in the Midwest, all hell breaks loose when some of the teens notice that something is not quite right with some of the faculty. They engage in a bit of amateur sleuthing, and what they discover causes them to band together to fight a force that is not of this world.  Well-directed by Robert Rodriguez, this film will keep the viewer riveted to the screen.  With a good, edgy story line laced with humor and with solid performances given by the stellar cast, the film will hit its mark with those who enjoy well made sci-fi films.
4285 When Kara Wald's twin sister, Kelly, dies an untimely death, Kara returns to New York City, a city she had left ten years prior in order to return to the Pennsylvania countryside. When she arrives to claim her sister's body, Kara meets up with her old boyfriend, Rob Harris, now a detective with the New York City Police Department.  The police are inclined to view Kelly's death as a suicide, as she had leapt out of a twelfth story window in a hotel, clad only in a black garter belt and black stockings, after having sex with two strangers. Kara, however, is adamant that the circumstances under which Kelly died can be nothing short of murder. After all, the Kelly she knew was a caring nurse for whom such behavior would have been totally out of character.  Kara's search for the truth takes her to Kelly's psychiatrist, a man who seems to hold the key to Kelly's bizarre behavior prior to her death. What Kara uncovers, however, is something so sinister and evil that it will ensnare her as it had her sister. The only question is whether she will be able to escape its clutches and come to term with her own secret past.  This is an entertaining book that will keep the reader compulsively turning its pages. Although the more discerning reader may ascertain what is going on before Kara and Rob do, this will not diminish the enjoyment one will derive from this plot driven book. The tension and suspense is maintained throughout, as the plot is somewhat unusual with more than its fair share of twists and turns. Fans of the author and those who enjoy a suspenseful read will not be disappointed by this book.
4286 Bentley Little is one of the most ingenious authors in the horror genre. His ability to take the ordinary and make it into a fearsome thing is his signature hook.  In this early work, we see him take one of the mundane chores in life, getting the mail, and turn it into something to be feared. There is a new mailman in town, and with his carrot red hair and his pale, pasty looks, he is just enough to give one the heebie-jeebies.  Doug Albin, a school teacher getting set to enjoy his summer vacation with his family, notices that the mail delivery is starting to get a bit weird in his small Arizona town.  Moreover, the new mailman is getting progressively creepier, and there is something about the mail and its delivery that just isn't right. As everyday people and everyday activities seem to go haywire with the arrival of the new mailman and his delivery of the mail, Doug starts putting two and two together. The only question is whether what he discovers will be too little and too late.  This early work by the author gives a promise of what is to come. It has the idea but not yet the finesse or execution of his later works. The author just sets in place the concept of making the ordinary and commonplace a vehicle for the horrific without pulling out all the stops, as he does in his later works. Still, it is a worthy and original effort that fans of the author should read, if only to see the progress that the author has made over the years.
4287 This is an intriguing and spooky, old fashioned ghost story, set in nineteenth century Scotland in a lighthouse on a remote island. At the lighthouse lives Cameron, the Principal Keeper of the Lighthouse, as well as Simon, his new assistant.  Life is very structured and routine on the island. Cameron and Simon work side by side in tandem, as they maintain the lighthouse and keep its nightly beacon of light burning brightly. They life a simple though apparently solitary life. Yet, at the opposite end of the island, a young golden girl sits in a trance by a crypt.  One day, Simon finds a woman with long dark hair and  large gray eyes submerged beneath a bed of seaweed. This woman has no memory of who she is or from where she came. They arbitrarily name her Lucia after a ship that once wrecked itself on the rocks off shore. From the moment she is found,  however, nothing is ever the same on that island.  Not even the arrival on the island of Charlotte, Cameron's no nonsense sister, can offset the growing sense of dread and wonder that  oppressively seems to permeate the island. A sense of evil and of things being not quite right lays like a miasma over all.  This is an atmospheric and evocative novella that will keep the reader turning its pages. Those readers who like ghost stories will have an appreciation for this book.
4288 This is the German text edition of the book, "Into the Wild", which is a poignant, compelling narrative of an intelligent, intense, and idealistic young man, Chris McCandless, who cut off all ties to his upper, middle class family, and reinvented himself as Alexander Supertramp, a drifter living out of a backpack, eking out a marginal existence as he wandered throughout the United States. A modern day King of the Road, McCandless ended his journey in 1992 in Alaska, when he walked alone into the wilderness north of Denali. He never returned.  Krakauer investigates this young man's short life in an attempt to explain why someone who has everything going for him would have chosen this lifestyle, only to end up dead in one of the most remote, rugged areas of the Alaskan wilderness. Whether one views McCandless as a fool or as a modern day Thoreau is a question ripe for discussion. It is clear, however, from Krakauer's writing that his investigation led him to feel a strong, spiritual kinship with McCandless. It is this kindred spirit approach to his understanding of this young man that makes Krakauer's writing so absorbing and moving.  Krakauer retraces McCandless' journey, interviewing many of those with whom he came into contact. What develops is a haunting, riveting account of McCandless' travels and travails, and the impact he had on those with whom he came into contact. Krakauer followed McCandless' last steps into the Alaskan wilderness, so that he could see for himself how McCandless had lived, and how he had died. This book is his epitaph.
4289 Those who like historical fiction will enjoy this book about a lesser known mistress of King Charles II of England, Louise de Keroualle, the Duchess of Portsmouth. Reviled in her day by the English for being French, as well as Catholic, Louise began life as the daughter of an impoverished French nobleman.  Growing up in her family's crumbling chateau in the French countryside, her life changed when her family secured her a place in the sophisticated court of the French king, Louis XIV. There, she was ensconced as a maid of honor to the wife of the decadent notorious Duc D'Orleans, brother of the French King.  The Duc's wife was none other than the sister of the English King, Charles II.  When circumstances had Louise and King Charles II meet, he quickly became smitten with her and she is with him. When fortune threw them together after the suspicious and premature death of his sister, Louise not only acted in the interests of France, she acted in her own interests. Though Louise was sent to England by the French King to ensnare the heart of the English King and spy for France, Louise and Charles would begin an enduring relationship that was to last until his death.  The story of these lovers is told by the author in a straightforward way, using a first person narrative. Well-written and steeped in period detail and intrigues, the story of Louise Keroualle is that of a woman who was determined to make the most of her situation and in the process found love, wealth, and a place in history.
4290 I have been a fan of Steven Berry for some time, as his books have generally been interesting and gripping page turners. Unfortunately, this one was a bit of a slog. With writing that is oftentimes choppy and a plot that strains the imagination, this book is simply not one of his best, though loaded with some interesting historical facts.  Featuring the recurring characters of Cotton Malone and his friend Cassiopeia Vitt, this book involves a trip to China for our hero and heroine. Of course, as always, there are evil forces afoot.  It seems that Cassiopeia has gone to China to help a friend find his young son, who has been abducted. Though it has been a while since Cotton has seen Cassiopeia, he goes to the rescue when she unwittingly becomes a pawn in political intrigue in China that involves two wily government ministers that are vying for power. It seems that there is also an ancient, secret cabal that is driving the intrigue.  Though I found my interest in the book waning, at times, due to the quality of the writing, the historical aspects were quite interesting. Still, I found myself putting the book down for periods of time, when the book became downright tedious, only to return to it. After all, I wanted to know what happened. It just was not the page turner by the author that I was accustomed to reading. Still, fans of the author should get a modicum of enjoyment from the book.
4291 This British author is immensely popular for his horror fiction. Having read a number of his other books and enjoyed them, I delved into this one with much anticipation. I was not disappointed, as it is similar thematically to another of his books, "The Fog", which is one of his best books. While in that book, a fog sweeps across the United Kingdom, causing those it touches to commit insane acts of mayhem, here, a dark entity, best described as infinite blackness, does the same.  Initially confined to Beechwood, a mansion on Willow Road and the site of  mass murder and suicides, it feeds on those whom it touches and causes them to perpetrate acts of horrific violence, releasing man's most primal fears and instincts. When Beechwood is demolished, this darkness  ventures out beyond the parameters of the house, causing those with whom it come into contact to act out their basest instincts and destroy those who remain unaffected. This novel engages the reader, as the protagonists in the book try to sort things out and defeat this evil entity. Well-written and interesting, devotees of the horror genre, as well as fans of the author, will enjoy this book.
4292 In this story of Cornwall, the seventh in a series of twelve books focusing on the Poldark family, the author covers events occurring during the years 1798 through 1799. As the nineteenth century approaches, England is involved in an ongoing war with France, as the armies of General Napoleon Buonaparte devour Europe. In the face of this, the Poldarks face many changes, as do their friends and family.  Ross Poldark is now a member of Parliament, much to the consternation of George Warleggan, his nemesis. In his private life, Ross is experiencing some heartache in his relationship with his wife, Demelza. When she accompanied Ross to London, Ross finds himself embroiled in a personal feud with someone other than George Warleggan, though Warleggan is still continuing his evil machinations against Ross and those closest to him.  Meanwhile, Sam Carne, one of Demelza's brothers, is experiencing his own heartache over a local girl. Their other brother Drake, star-crossed in his love for the unavailable Morwenna, sees a glimmer of hope in an unexpected tragedy that concerns them both. Even George Warleggan is suffering his own torment, when a chance unthinking remark opens old wounds with his wife Elizabeth. Consequently, Elizabeth makes a decision that will lead to tragic consequences.  The author is a born storyteller, infusing life into all his characters, as well as authenticity of time and place. These well-written books are totally addicting, holding the reader in their thrall. The Poldark saga is truly epic, and all those who enjoy the historical fiction are sure to love this series of books.
4293 I love the Aussie television series based upon these books. So, after the last season ended, I decided to read the books upon which the series is based. After all, the television series is superb. Could the books be any less? The second book in the series of cozy mysteries confirms that my faith was not misplaced.  Set in 1920s Melbourne, Australia, this series of cozy mysteries features the unflappable flapper, the one, the only, the Hon. Phryne Fisher. A thoroughly modern Millie, Phryne is wealthy, has a mind of her own, and is a bit of a thrill seeker. Fearless,  glamorous, and fiercely intelligent, she acts as a private investigator, often besting the police at their own game. Here, she investigates a murder in which a young man is falsely accused, as well as the kidnapping of a young child. She does it all  with daring and panache.  I definitely enjoyed the book, and I'm beginning to love the books as much as I love the television series. Phryne Fisher is definitely a character that makes the reader look forward to the next book. Fans of cozy mysteries will most definitely enjoy this series.
4294 This is a well written and haunting tale of suspense. Eerie and compelling, the book weaves a story that is sure to capture the reader's imagination.  Husband and wife hoteliers, Brad and Cynthia, have just bought  a six acre island off the coast of Maine, which is central to the story. There, they hold a gatheering of the proverbial, familial clan. Aware that the townspeople from the village closest to the island believe that there is something strange about the island, Brad and Gert attempt to dispel any concerns that the family may have, as they discuss their plans for turning the island into a luxury resort. The island is deserted, except for one couple who has been living there since nineteen twenty six, the year that a meteor hit the island, causing the other inhabitants to flee under mysterious circumstances.  The family gathers, ten men, women and children, some of whom bring their own secret with them, while the island harbors one of its own. The island, you see, is a very special place with a gift of its own to make, provided that there is that special person willing to receive such a gift. Read this book to find out just what is going on. It will be well worth the trouble.
4295 In this, her one hundredth published novel, the author takes a nosedive. For the legions of Catherine Cookson fans, it would have been better not to posthumously publish this mediocre novel and let the author rest in peace on her well deserved laurels. Catherine Cookson was a wonderful storyteller, but this book falls a bit short of her previous high marks. Set in early twentieth century England, this is the story of Annie Hannigan, a girl who, through her mother's marriage to a wealthy country doctor, went from rags to riches. A flaxen haired, blue eyed beauty, Annie has her share of heartache when the boy she loves, Terence MacBane, seems elusive and out of reach. Her heartbreak is compounded when a vicious acquaintance, Cathleen Davidson, makes it her business to try and see that Annie and Terence never get together by putting Terence into her predatory crosshairs. Who shall be the victor? I am afraid that you will have to read the book and find out. The usual themes found in a Catherine Cookson novel are found in this one, as well. Class conflicts, as well as romance and familial ties, abound. Unfortunately, the characters are not particularly well drawn, and the reader will find it difficult to care about what happens to any of them. It reads more like a work in progress. Unless you already are a Catherine Cookson devotee, you will find it hard to find this book of interest. If you are not a fan, deduct one star from my rating.
4296 Lewis Brady is a man obsessed with his jewelry collection, a collection that has a macabre history.  He houses this collection where he lives but has become uneasy of late, suspecting that he has been drugged and that someone, unauthorized to do so, has been in his house. So, he goes to see Miss Maud Silver, a retired governess turned private enquiry agent. Alas, Miss Silver cannot oblige him with what he would like her to do, so she just gives him some advice. He promptly disregards that advice and is, shortly thereafter, murdered in his home.  First published in 1952, this is a well-written, intricately plotted mystery with intriguing sub-plots, in which an innocent man stands to be accused of a crime that he did not commit. Fortunately for him, that might have been the case had not the deceased left instructions that were anything to happen to him, Miss Silver should be consulted.  Though these Miss Silver mysteries are somewhat formulaic in that there is usually an element of romance, and a series of deaths or disappearances, as well as an English country home, they never fail to entertain. Miss Silver, with her ever present knitting and her delightfully Edwardian sense of fashion and manners, as well as her incisive intelligence and understanding of human nature, is a wonderful character. I am definitely a fan.
4297 This star-studded leopard print backpack is simply adorable. I chose the rose colored print, and I was not disappointed, as  this backpack is just too cute for words.  It is fashioned from sturdy, but lightweight, canvas with faux leather accents. The straps, which are in the star-studded leopard print, are lightly padded and well-placed to allow for an even and comfortable distribution of weight.  The backpack, which I received from the seller at a discounted price in exchange for an impartial review,  has an outer pocket on each side that is suitable for carrying water bottles. There is also a zippered front pouch for carrying additional items. The interior,  which is fully lined,  has a large padded sleeve suitable for a lap top. My eleven inch lap top fit comfortably. There is, however,  no strap that secures it in place. There is also no interior zippered compartment. There are,  however,  two  small pockets that can accommodate my iPhone 5, as well as its accessories. There is also  third small pocket that is suitable for pens.  The main  inner compartment is plenty roomy and ideal for books and other large items. This is a really cute back to school backpack.
4298 I had no expectations when I first began reading this well-written novel. Within  a short time, however,  I found that I could  not stop turning the pages. Who ever though a story about a female chess prodigy could be so interesting or that chess could be so thrilling? In this author's capable  hands, these subjects are positively riveting.  Our protagonist, Beth Harmon is a lonely, scared eight year old orphan when the reader first meets her. Then she finds salvation when she learns to play chess with the janitor in the orphanage in which she is placed. From then on, she is transformed, and her life will never be the same. Yet, socially awkward and lonely, Beth becomes a substance abuser, all the while exponentially mastering the intricacies of chess.  As a preteen, Beth gets adopted and eventually becomes  world renowned for her prowess in chess but, despite this, never quite feels comfortable in her own skin, except when playing chess. Her chess matches with the Russians during the cold war are  especially noteworthy. I am not a chess player, but I found her chess matches to be absolutely compelling reading. One finds oneself rooting for this odd, quirky character who marches to the beat of her own drum. I loved this book!
4299 These anti-theft RFID blocking sleeves allows one to be safe rather than sorry. In this day and age one never knows when some dishonest idiot with a radio frequency scanning device may be nearby, looking to get private information to which he or she is not otherwise entitled. Of course, there is no way for me to test the RFID blocking properties of these sleeves. So, I am replying on the representations made by the seller, who sent me these sleeves in exchange for an impartial review.  These sleeves are slim enough to fit easily into the credit card slots in my wallet, and it is just as easy to remove my credit cards from my wallet with these sleeves, as it is without the sleeves. These sleeves seem a little flimsy, however,  relative to other such protector sleeves that I have. So,  I cannot say how well they will hold up over time. Moreover, I find the designs on these sleeves to be a tad garish. Still, they seem to do the job that they were designed to do for one's credit cards, as well as one's passport..
4300 I received these glasses in black. They came enclosed in a very nice, cloth covered, hard zippered case for protection, accompanied by a cleaning cloth. Even though the glasses in black do not have mirrored lenses as promised on the Amazon detail page, they are still an attractive looking pair of aviator glasses and are quite similar to the much more expensive Raybans  currently on the market. Unfortunately, the similarity ends there.  These glasses, which I received from the seller in exchange for an impartial review, sit slightly askew on one's face. That is, one side rests more closely on one cheekbone than the other. Far worse than that is the stench of cigarette smoke to which I am hyper sensitive. The case, the cleaning cloth, the glasses themselves positively reek of smoke. The stench is  so incredibly strong, it is positively disgusting. The glasses are unwearable by anyone  hyper sensitive to smoke, allergic to smoke, or who simply does not want to smell like a used ash tray.
4301 For those who enjoyed period dramas, this one will do quite nicely. Based upon the book of the same name by Anthony Trollope and adapted for television by Julian Fellowes, the creator of Downton Abbey, this is a well-done period drama. The cast is uniformly excellent, as are the settings and costumes. The observance of the social mores of the time serve to ground its authenticity of time and place. Aficionados of period dramas will most definitely like this four part series, though it lacks the grandeur of Downton Abbey.  Dr. Thorne lives with Mary, his niece, in Greshamsbury, home of the Greshams, who used to rule all they surveyed. With the changing of the times, however, money has proven to be in short supply for the Greshams, and the need to marry off the Gresham children to those with deep pockets has become of paramount necessity in order to maintain the status quo. Their mother, the Lady Arabella is determined to ensure that this happens but runs into a roadblock when she discovers that her son, Frank, has fallen in love with Mary. Therein lies the rub.  The machinations of the Lady Arabella to ensure that her plans come to fruition, and the fact that Mary harbors a ruinous secret, all serve to create tension and drama throughout the four episodes. The series concludes with episode four with no loose ends. So, it is a stand alone season in case there is no follow-up. Still, I can't help but hope that there will be a season two.
4302 Although the book has a few creepy moments, much of it is just plain silly. The story revolves around some Indian burial grounds, where the artifacts recovered seem to have a life of their own. Moreover, strange orange haired mummies seem to spring to life of their own volition. Why is this happening? Trust me, not even the author seems to know.  Bentley Little is really a gifted, edgy horror story writer, capable of taking the mundane and making it horrific. Here, he has lost his edge, delivering a mediocre horror story from which only his most stalwart fans will derive a modicum of enjoyment. I myself kept reading to the bitter end, hoping that the book would evolve. Unfortunately, with its one dimensional characters and silly plot that seemed to go nowhere, I was left with only the hope that his new novel will be more inspired than this book was.
4303 I am a big fan of the Australian based Phryne Fisher mysteries, but, truth be told, this is one of my least favorite, thus far. The one bright spot is the introduction of  the handsome and intelligent Lin Chung into the mix.  This mystery centers around the gala  performance of a Gilbert and Sullivan operetta, where  one of the main characters unexpectedly gives what is to be his final performance. As luck would have it, Phryne just so happens to be watching the performance when the unthinkable happens.  Mystery abounds, as old and new theatre business collides in the present, with many possibilities and death waiting in the wings. While moderately entertaining, the book suffers from the fact the many of  the regular supporting characters are missing in action. So, the ensemble feel is gone. Still, fans of Phryne Fisher will still find some enjoyment in this book.
4304 Those readers who enjoy the zombie genre of horror will not go wrong with this one, as it provides an interesting twist.  What do devoted, loving parents do when their only child is  suddenly infected with an unknown illness that finishes the child off, only to see him rise from the dead, reduced to something less than human, something that needs to feed on living flesh in order to survive?  Well, John and Angela Mason get to find out just that. Their lives are wrested asunder when their ten year old son becomes one of the undead with an appetite that they struggle to satisfy. Angela is driven to the brink of madness over her son's condition, while John struggles to cope with both his son's and wife's demands in a world gone mad. This is one man's quest to try to make right what has gone wrong.  Though there is little character development, and the reader comes away not really knowing what makes the characters tick, this is still a fairly well written, plot driven zombie tale that those with a fondness for the undead will enjoy.
4305 Jess Koster is a big city prosecutor. Her plate is full, handling a demanding case load, and trying to get her life in order. Somehow, she is having a hard time juggling work and her personal life. She also cannot get past her mother's disappearance eight years ago. Basically, her life is a muddle, and when one of her witnesses on a rape case goes missing, her life totally goes out of control.  This is a reasonably entertaining book in the suspense genre. The storyline is totally plot driven, and the characters are not fully fleshed. Moreover, the main character, Jess Koster, is barely likeable.  Still, the book has its moments, and there are plenty of red herrings that will keep the reader in suspense until its conclusion, which is a little far fetched. Still, the reader will get some enjoyment from this book, if the reader is a fan of the suspense genre or a fan of the author.
4306 Towards the end of World War II, Lady Anne Jocelyn returns to England from occupied France. When she arrives at her home, her husband and other relations greet her as if she were a ghost. Not surprising, considering that they thought her dead for the past 3 three years.  Most reluctantly, her husband, Sir Philip, agrees to accept her as his wife, as well as to a 6 month period of reconciliation. The resemblance to his wife is extraordinary, but he feels that somehow she is simply not his wife.  When a murder occurs, Miss Silver, a retired governess, turned private enquiry agent, gets involved in the seemingly strange doings surrounding the newly returned Lady Jocelyn, it is only a matter of time before the thickening plot is revealed and truth wins out.  This is a quintessential English mystery, well-written and thoroughly enjoyable. It will be appreciated by those who are fans of Miss Silver, as well as those who simply love a good English murder mystery.
4307 This is an excellent, well-written work of historical fiction in which the author draws the reader into the world of the Quakers, from their start in 17th century England, as a much persecuted group, to their passage into the new world and their part in the creation of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love.  The author masterfully introduces the reader to the tenets of the Quakers and how, as a religion, it evolved into what it stands for today. It was fascinating and well done, fully immersed in the historical context out of which it developed with interesting characters, some real and some fictional.  For those who enjoy the historical fiction genre, the author takes the reader into a little known segment of history and brings it vividly to life. It is definitely well worth reading.
4308 I very much enjoyed this book.  It successfully resurrects Sherlock Holmes, as the author is able to keep his voice true throughout the book. Moreover, the author uses an ingenious and clever concept in order to bring him back to his legion of fans. The idea of Holmes as mentor to a brilliant young woman is certainly one that takes getting used to. Yet, the author seamlessly weaves his transition from retired recluse to mentor without a hitch.  That brilliant young woman is Mary Russell, a wealthy orphan who, at the age of fifteen, captures the imagination of Sherlock Holmes, who sees in her a kindred spirit. Under his careful tutelage, this young woman, with a mental acuity that rivals his own, over the span of several years becomes as sage a detective as Holmes. Together they have a series of adventures that involve the fine art of deduction and detection.  As their escapades escalate in complexity, they discover themselves pitted against a mind as keen as each of theirs. Their unknown adversary seems hell bent on the dissolution of their partnership and their deaths by whatever means necessary.  This is a highly entertaining work of fiction that fans of Sherlock Holmes should enjoy. Old friends, such as Dr. Watson, Myron Holmes, and Mrs. Hudson, are all part of the fabric of this book. Well-written, the characters are engaging, though the book could have used a bit more editing to make the storyline even tighter. Notwithstanding this one criticism, this is a book that will keep the reader turning the pages.
4309 In this, her one hundredth published novel, the author takes a nosedive. For the legions of Catherine Cookson fans, it would have been better not to posthumously publish this mediocre novel and let the author rest in peace on her well deserved laurels. Catherine Cookson was a wonderful storyteller, but this book falls a bit short of her previous high marks.  Set in early twentieth century England, this is the story of Annie Hannigan, a girl who, through her mother's marriage to a wealthy country doctor, went from rags to riches. A flaxen haired, blue eyed beauty, Annie has her share of heartache when the boy she loves, Terence MacBane, seems elusive and out of reach. Her heartbreak is compounded when a viscious acquiantance, Cathleen Davidson, makes it her business to try and see that Annie and Terence never get together by putting Terence into her predatory crosshairs. Who shall be the victor? I am afraid that you will have to read the book and find out.  The usual themes found in a Catherine Cookson novel are found in this one, as well. Class conflicts, as well as romance and familial ties, abound. Unfortunately, the characters are not particularly well drawn, and the reader will find it difficult to care about what happens to any one of them. It reads more like a work in progress. Unless you already are a Catherine Cookson devotee, you will find it hard to find this book of interest. If you are not a fan, deduct one star from  my rating.
4310 Written by the staff of the Washington Post, this book is a compilation of a series of articles, augmented by some new material, on the issue of being a black man in America. The book offers a contemporary view on the issue and reveals how divided black men actually are on how they view themselves in the context of race. The articles are insightful, candid and highly personal, as they evolved from interviews with many black men from all walks of life and provide a birds-eye view into how black men in America currently define themselves and their lives.  I was entranced by their stories.  The writing is superlative, and the reader will find the introduction by Pulitzer Prize winning novelist, Edward P. Jones, quite poignant. The book also includes the results of a nationwide poll that empirically confirms what the articles declare anecdotally, that black men in contemporary America are divided on how they view themselves, each other, and their country. Those who are interested in social issues, as well as those simply interested in the human condition, will enjoy this well-written, insightful book.
4311 This is an engaging memoir of an intelligent, articulate man who happens to be blind. As a teenager, the author developed the degenerative eye disease, retinitis pigmentosa, which slowly robbed him of his sight. He was about fourteen or so, when a portent of what lay in store for him visually began making itself manifest. He ignored the signs of his increasing visual challenges and even learned to drive a car, which he drove until it became clear that he was a danger on the road to himself and others.  Some time would go by before he and his family would know what lay behind the author's seeming inability to see what was in front of him. When he discovered the reason, he would remain in denial for some time, stumbling about in a sighted world without the sight he needed to do so safely.  Eventually overcoming his reluctance to admit that, yes, he was going blind, he decided to adopt the use of a cane rather than a guide dog. With stick in hand, he  moves about the world in a way that most of us would rather not. Yet, for all that he is blind, he sees the world around him in ways in which many sighted people fail to do. His observations are witty, funny, and irreverent, as he takes measure of  his life and some of the indignities that blindness has imposed upon him. The author takes the reader on an unsentimental journey through his descent into blindness, only for the reader to discover just how interesting that journey is. The reader comes away thinking of the author not as a blind man but, rather, as a man who happens to be blind.
4312 This is a loose adaptation of two novellas by Frances Hodgson Burnett. A young, well-educated woman named Emily Fox-Seton is living in genteel poverty, making for a hardscrabble existence. While working temporarily for Lady Maria Byrne, she meets her nephew, Lord Walderhurst, an attractive widower. He is looking for a wife, and despite the machinations of his aunt to find him a suitable wife, he makes Emily an offer she can't refuse, and she accepts. After all, she has nothing to lose. Lord Walderhurst will get a wife and the heir he desires,  and Emily will get a wealthy husband.  They sojourn to Lord Walderhurst's isolated country manor, and their burgeoning relationship exceeds both their expectations.  Then, he is called back to India with his regiment, and Emily is left alone in the house with the servants. Uninvited relatives of her husband drop in on Emily, and with her trusting nature she welcomes them into her home. Then the mood turns gothic and all hell breaks loose. While some of it quite melodramatic, it is always entertaining. I have viewed this period drama twice and really enjoyed it. The cast is likewise excellent. If one likes gothic thrillers, one will certainly enjoy this one.
4313 I got this cell phone in the coffee color, which is actually a beautiful bronze color. This cell phone, which I received from the seller in exchange for an impartial review,  is quite large. So, it takes a little bit of getting used to. It offers easy to read texts and a really clear phone reception. The screen images are good, and one is able to take great pictures with this phone, once one is able to get it working properly.  The resolution is really terrific: sharp, clear, and crisp images.  On the negative side, I found their customer service completely unhelpful. Live help on their website consists of your sending them a message,  and then they get back to you in a couple of days via email. This does not constitute live help. Moreover, it seems that  some of the pre-set codes for phone services in the urulu phone are incomplete or incorrect. Moreover, when I thought about getting a cover to protect the phone, it seems that the cover just replaces the phone back rather than slipping over the whole unit, which I found odd. So, I took a pass on getting a cover.  Overall, this phone is okay once you get it working,  but incorrect coding (there are some solutions posted on amazon) and really non-helpful customer service gives one pause. Still, for a smart phone, it is relatively inexpensive, but it seems you get what you pay for.
4314 This is an exemplary documentary, based upon author Caroline Alexander's critically acclaimed, best selling book of the doomed 1914 Antarctic expedition led by Sir Edward Shackleton. Effectively narrated by Liam Neeson, the film tells the story of this star-crossed expedition which set sail upon the ironically named ship, "The Endurance".  Shackleton and his crew set out to attempt the first expedition across the vast, still uncharted, icy regions of the Antarctic continent.  Unfortunately, the ship became locked in an icy vise created by polar floes not long after it set sail, which eventually encased and crushed the ship it held in its grasp. This forced the crew out on the ice to survive an  adventure that was to last them over a year and a half. Only the courage and determination of Shackleton and his crew enabled them all to survive their harrowing experience, escaping the icy death that was the expected outcome of their dire situation.  Told through the incorporation and use of expedition photographer Frank Hurley's archival silent film footage and stills, which miraculously survived, as well as modern day film and photographs, a rich in situ backdrop is provided for this gripping story of survival. The film is also augmented by  interviews with elderly relatives of the survivors. The makers of this documentary also ground the story in the historical context of the day, enriching this story further.  All in all, this is an exemplary documentary and one which those who are interested in explorations will enjoy, as will those who enjoy films in which the human spirit triumphs.
4315 This is an excellent lightweight case for the Apple IPhone 5. Sturdy and durable, it is a perfect, snug fit and adds very little bulk to the sleek line of the IPhone5.  Moreover, the control buttons are perfectly placed, as is the opening for the charger. I only wish that the case had a protective flap for the charging port.  The case has a rubbery feel to the grip, which prevents the phone from slipping from one's hand or when placed on any smooth surface. The rounded, raised lip on the cover is a bonus, as it allows one to place the phone face down on a surface without worrying about scratching the face of the phone. I have also charged my phone with the case on and have not had an issue with the phone overheating.  Overall, this is an excellent case for the money.
4316 First of all, I have to say that I like the fact that the company that sells this bracelet supports charitable projects with each sale made. Secondly, I was surprised at the nice quality of the bracelet, which I received from the seller in exchange for an impartial review. The bracelet arrived in an eco-friendly, draw string pouch. It makes a great gift for that special man in one's life.  This steel curb link bracelet, which I chose in the silver color, has a nice weight, is highly polished,  well-made, beautifully designed,  and sturdy. It is adjustable in size, as there are  three round links that allow for this. The lobster claw appears to be of good quality and is embossed with the words "Chain of Hope" on one side and "Benevolence of Los Angeles" on the other. I gave this bracelet to my son, who does not often wear jewelry, and he loved it. He definitely enjoys wearing it.
4317 What would you do, if a mysterious plague swept throughout the world, literally killing everyone off  but leaving in its place something new, something frightening, something downright horrible, while leaving you alive, immune, and seemingly alone? What would you do, if the undead now walked the earth looking for you, the last man alive...the last vestige of the human race? What if all they wanted was the taste of your blood on their rotting lips? Just what on earth would you do?  These are the questions that face Robert Neville. It is he who is Legend. How he answers them is what makes this a book to remember and a classic within its genre. It is a book of profound hope and despair. It is a book that's demands to be read. Read it. You will not be disappointed.
4318 Having binge  watched the entire Star Trek franchise and being a sci-fi fan, I turned to Stargate. After all, it ran for ten seasons. So, it must be great, I thought.  Well, Stargate season one was pretty mediocre, though it started improving with episode seven. So, having finished season one,  I thought I would stay the course and binge watch season two. Am I glad I did!  With season two, the characters finally jell and the scripts are far better, overall. They even make Colonel O'Neill, Captain Carter, and Dr. Jackson seem reasonably intelligent, something the first season failed to do.  Moreover, the stories are far more interesting. Season 2 introduces the viewer to the Tok'ra and provides a number of fascinating episodes with them. All I can say is that I am now hooked and can see why this show lasted ten seasons. I can't wait to binge watch season three!
4319 This is simply a wonderful, beautifully scripted series about a small, Welsh, mining town in the nineteen sixties and a doctor from India, who, along with his wife, moves there to practice his profession. The first season is about their adjustment to the town and the town's adjustment to them. The characters are well drawn and the acting is first-rate. Better yet, everyone looks and acts like real people one would see anywhere. As such, the viewers  will find that they are immediately drawn into their lives. This is a wonderful series, and I cannot wait to binge watch season two! I love it!
4320 Jane Campion is a brilliant director who can direct a film and convey much with a minimum of language and action. Her film, "The Piano" is a testament to that innate talent. This would lead one to believe that directing an adaptation of a Henry James novel would be a natural segue for her. While this is a lush and beautiful period piece, the problem with it is that it is somewhat dull. Despite stellar performances by Barbara Hershey and the supporting cast, the main star, Nicole Kidman, is out of her league, though she is a luminous beauty and has some acting ability. The problem is that her performance lacks the presence or depth necessary to transcend the material and make this a truly interesting film. She just is not good enough an actress to be able to carry this type of storyline and engage the viewer in the lead role of wealthy expatriate, Isabel Archer. Moreover, while John Malkovich gives a wonderful performance as the malevolent Gilbert Osmond, he is decidedly miscast as he is simply not charismatic enough to make it believable that Isabel Archer would throw caution to the wind over such an unattractive and, decidedly, sinister man. It is unfortunate, as the film is an otherwise fairly faithful adaptation of Henry James' complex novel of the same name. It could have been a contender.
4321 This is a poignant, compelling narrative of an intelligent, intense, and idealistic young man, Chris McCandless, who cut off all ties to his upper, middle class family, and reinvented himself as Alexander Supertramp, a drifter living out of a backpack, eking out a marginal existence as he wandered throughout the United States. A modern day King of the Road, McCandless ended his journey in 1992 in Alaska, when he walked alone into the wilderness north of Denali. He never returned.  Krakauer investigates this young man's short life in an attempt to explain why someone who has everything going for him would have chosen this lifestyle, only to end up dead in one of the most remote, rugged areas of the Alaskan wilderness. Whether one views McCandless as a fool or as a modern day Thoreau is a question ripe for discussion. It is clear, however, from Krakauer's writing that his investigation led him to feel a strong, spiritual kinship with McCandless. It is this kindred spirit approach to his understanding of this young man that makes Krakauer's writing so absorbing and moving.  Krakauer retraces McCandless' journey, interviewing many of those with whom he came into contact. What develops is a haunting, riveting account of McCandless' travels and travails, and the impact he had on those with whom he came into contact. Krakauer followed McCandless' last steps into the Alaskan wilderness, so that he could see for himself how McCandless had lived, and how he had died. This book is his epitaph.
4322 This is an entertaining work of historical fiction. The story is told  from the perception of Margaret Tudor, the older sister of King Henry VIII. It includes Katherine of Aragon,the first wife of  King Henry VIII, and Mary Tudor, his younger sister, but Margaret Tudor is at the heart of this story.  Since little is  known about Margaret Tudor, who married King James IV of Scotland, the author has taken known historical facts and fictionally filled in the substantial gap. It is written as a first person narrative, making it a highly personal reflection of Margaret's life. Margaret also shares  her perspective on the lives of her younger sister, Mary, and her sister-in law, Katherine. Their perspectives of events are also revealed  through a series of letters they send to Margaret.  Those who enjoy historical fiction should like this book. Fans of the Tudor era should also enjoy the author's foray into the life of Margaret Tudor. The little that is known about her is intriguing, and the author has done much to present the reader with a well-fleshed character. At the same time, the reader should keep in mind that this is a work of historical fiction, with the operative word being "fiction". That being said, I could not stop turning the pages of this book!
4323 This is a sumptuous adaptation of the novel of the same name  by P.D. James, the acclaimed author of many mysteries. She wrote a homage to Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice".  The BBC presented it as a three episode, Masterpiece Mystery mini series. The Darcys are now married and have a child. They are living peacefully on their beautiful Pemberley estate. Life is good. They are in the throes of planning a house party and awaiting guests, when disaster strikes.  It seems that Wickham and his wife, Lydia, are hell bent on crashing the party at Pemberly. They are  in their carriage with Captain Denny, Wickham's best friend, and while riding through Pemberley Woods, Denny suddenly demands that the carriage stop, and once it does, inexplicably dashes off into the woods. Wickham then goes off in pursuit. The next thing that is known is that Denny is dead, and Wickham is the prime suspect. Given Wickham's affiliation with  the Darcys, they chance becoming social pariahs if Wickham should be found guilty, despite his protestations of innocence.  This is a lovely, beautifully realized adaptation with superlative production values. Period authenticity is maintained throughout and  the acting is marvelous, overall. The casting is spot on with one exception, that of the role of Elizabeth Darcy. Elizabeth is supposed to be rather pretty, as well as quite intelligent. Well, the actress playing Elizabeth, while radiating intelligence, as well as many other edifying attributes, is so plain as to be a distraction. I am not sure why she was cast in the role of Elizabeth, as it strikes the only discordant note in the series. Still, she gives a fine performance and is enormously likeable. All in all, an entertaining and well done mini series.
4324 This book has its moments. Unfortunately, those moments are often few and far between. The book starts off promisingly enough. A man, gifted or cursed, depending on one's point of view, with the ability to read minds, loses his soul mate to cancer. She, too, was blessed or cursed with the same gift.  Now, set adrift and left his own devices, the agony his ability brings him, coupled with his soul mate's death, causes this man to promptly go to hell in a hand basket. Hoping to find solace of some kind, he travels and finds himself in some pretty unusual situations.  Some of what he encounters strains credulity but some of it is quite interesting, especially for fans of true horror. Then, the book goes of the deep end, into some new age, mathematical mumbo jumbo, causing the story to lose steam and fall flat. Fans of the author will derive a modicum of enjoyment from the book, but this is definitely not one of the author's best efforts.
4325 This is the seminal work on the poor in America, analyzed within the context of government proffered, anti-poverty programs. It is a scathing critique and analysis of the war on poverty, where bold rhetoric and political grandstanding have often supplanted action. The author in his analysis categorizes poverty as a cultural and often institutional way of life that would require radical innovations, social planning, and long term financial investment, were the government really serious about eradicating poverty in America. What is amazing is that the arguments made by the author, when he wrote this book forty years ago, are still sound today.
4326 I love zipper wallets, and this one is no exception. It is well constructed and roomy, as well as highly functional and attractive. The color may be viewed as a light navy blue or deep denim blue. The wallet has a sturdy gold-toned zipper and zips on three sides. When unzipped, the wallet then opens, much as a book does. Everything found in the interior of the wallet is easily accessible and well placed.  There is room for twelve credit card sized cards, 6 on each side of the wallet. There is also an interior change purse, as well as an area on each side of the wallet for placing currency. I travel overseas a good deal, so I especially appreciate this feature, as it enables me to keep my own country's currency separate from any foreign currency that I may require. My iPhone 5 fits neatly in the center compartment designed for its use, and when the wallet is zipped up, one would never know that there is a phone in there. The zipper wallet stays sleek, as it is so well-designed.  The wallet, which I received from the seller in exchange for an honest review,  is made of Saffiano leather, which is just a manufacturing process used in which the leather is cross-hatched, making it relatively impervious to stains and scratches. Of course, it is also difficult to tell what quality of leather was actually used in the process. Still, this treatment allows the leather to wear well and stay clean. It requires virtually no care whatsoever, rendering it maintenance free. Suffice to say, I love this wallet!
4327 This is a beautifully rendered, poignant account of a totally dysfunctional family. It is little wonder that this book won numerous awards and was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year. I simply could not put this book down, as the author had me transfixed with her story of growing up in such an unusual family.  Born to highly intelligent, creative parents who marched to the beat of a different drum, the author and her siblings had a difficult childhood. With a dreamer of a father who battled the bottle and a mother who was somewhat irresponsible and probably mentally ill, family life was a study in contrasts with an emphasis on  independence, as well as artistic and intellectual pursuits, while spurning creature comforts, stability, and the much longed for three hots and a cot. This free wheeling philosophy, espoused by the author's parents, subjected their children to hunger, homelessness, and a nomadic existence. Yet, the children were resilient and thrived, even as their parents went on a downward spiral.  The author's story is positively riveting. It is a story of survival and eventual prosperity within mainstream society. It is a story about keeping one's head, when all around one others are losing theirs. The author's journey is certainly an amazing one, and I for one am delighted that she chose to share it with others. Those who enjoy reading memoirs and autobiographies will, undoubtedly, very much enjoy this one and be fascinated and moved by the author's singular, well-told story. Bravo!
4328 This is a book about evil masking itself as goodness. In the small English village of Banfield, a young, deaf mute girl named Alice Pagett is transformed by a vision, and her ability to speak and hear is miraculously restored to her. Alice claims that she was visited by the Immaculate Conception, and suddenly throngs of the ill begin to gather around the place of the visitation, awaiting other miracles. They are not long in coming, as those who are afflicted in some way find themselves restored to the good health that had been formerly denied them.  Yet, something is not quite right, as the parish priest suddenly feels himself unwelcome in his own church, and his health begins to falter. Moreover, local reporter, Gerry Fenn, with aspirations for the big time, senses that the story of the century is within his grasp. He, unlike many others, however, is somewhat cynical about the events that are unfolding, and he is determined to discover the truth.  What that truth is may be more than that for which he bargained.  This is moderately entertaining supernatural thriller that could have used some tighter editing. Written by the British maven of the horror genre, it has some genuinely creepy moments.
4329 For those who like historical mysteries, one can't go wrong with this book, which is set in turn-of-the-twentieth century New York City.  The author takes the reader from the teeming tenements of the slums to the homes of New York City's elite. Replete with period details and the rigid social mores of the times, the author weaves an intriguing mystery, while introducing the two pivotal characters, Sarah Brandt and Detective Sergeant Frank Malloy. This book is the first in a series of books showcasing these two characters.  Sarah is a midwife, who is estranged from her family. They are members of high society. Frank is an Irishman employed by the corrupt New York City Police Department that Teddy Roosevelt, the New Police Commissioner, is trying to clean up.  Sarah and Frank are thrown together when a murder occurs and it turns out that the victim, Alice Van Damm, is none other than someone Sarah knew from her upper-crust past.  When the murder is hushed up through the influence of the victim's family, fearful that scandal will impugn their place in society, and Frank is taken off the case, the outraged Sarah vows to seek justice for the victim herself.  Frank and Sarah become unlikely partners, determined to solve the mystery surrounding Alice's death.  Frank and Sarah are both likable characters, and the author takes great pains to develop them. Their blossoming relationship is key to the story and, as details of their lives emerge,  draws in the reader. There are interesting secondary characters that are intertwined in the story, as well. Those who enjoy historical mysteries will like this book.  It is a successful first book in a series, and I look forward to reading all the others.
4330 I have never used one of these travel pillows before, and all I can say, having used it, is OMG!!! I had no idea it would be so comfortable! I travel a great deal and now would not think of traveling without it.  I also recently used it at home when I had a pinched nerve in my neck. It made sitting on the sofa, watching television, bearable. In fact, the comfort and support if provided was quite therapeutic, as it kept my neck in a fixed and pain free position. So, this was an unexpected bonus.  This particular pillow, which I received from the seller in exchange for an honest review, is made of memory foam and is encased in a lilac colored velour zippered cover, which is hand washable. The pillow itself  is firm but super comfortable. It provides not only comfort but complete support. It also comes with an elasticized band that allows one to hook it onto one's luggage for convenience. The compact travel pillow comes with a 5 year warranty and is competitively priced. I highly recommend it.
4331 This is simply a trashy, enjoyable novel about the entertainment industry, with its preoccupation with money, sex, and drugs. The author tells a cautionary tale about life in the fast lane, and the things that can happen when one falls prey to the call of the fame game.  The characters are diverse, as are the storylines that bind them. I can't say that any one of the characters is particularly compelling or likable, but their stories will most certainly keep the reader turning the pages to see what happens to them.  The book is definitely a guilty pleasure.  Fans of Jacqueline Susann and Jackie Collins will, undoubtedly, enjoy this book.
4332 Beautifully written, the book immediately grips the reader in its thrall. The plot is well developed, as are the main characters. There are also enough twists and turns to satisfy most. If you enjoyed Susanna Kearsley's bestselling novel, "Mariana", you will also enjoy this one.  The plot revolves around an archaeological site in Scotland where our heroine, archaeologist Verity Grey, is working. Toss in a former lover, an eight year old blessed with second sight, a masterful, very attractive Scotsman, a family secret, some Scottish mists, and a ghostly sentinel from the Ninth Roman Legion, and you have a recipe for a gothic style page turner, if ever there were one.
4333 If you are a serious Scrabble player, and by serious I mean that you play to win, then you must have this book. It is essential to all serious and determined Scrabble players, especially if you play with friends and family, and you wish to remain on good terms with them. This book will take the stuffing right out of anyone's arguments over the legitimacy of a particular word, because if the word being challenged is found in this dictionary, then the issue ends right there. Everyone can continue playing nicely, because the undisputed authority has made the decision easy. So, all you Scrabble nuts out there, hang on to your friends and family simply by investing in this book. You will be glad that you did, as it will guarantee keeping your blood pressure down next time you play Scrabble!
4334 This is a terrific book which draws you into David Breashears' world. You follow his development from young rock climber to world class mountaineer and filmmaker. You also see his development as a person, all while drawing you into that exclusive club of mountaineers. He makes you feel his passion for the mountains he so loves. You learn how he combined that passion with the art of cinematography, making him an award winning filmmaker. You live through the 1996 tragedy on Everest with him, and feel the compassion that he has for those who died on the mountain under such tragic circumstances. The narrative is always compelling and informative, making the book a hard one to put down. His compassion and sensitivity towards those who did not fare well on the ill-fated 1996 Everest climb is palpable, and for his assistance to those who needed it, even though it put him and his expedition in jeopardy, he is truly an unsung hero. This is, without a doubt, a man who leads by example. David Breashears writes beautifully of his experiences and his book is a must read for all climbing enthusiasts, as well as for those simply interested in the human condition. This is a book that is simply too good to pass up.
4335 This is an entertaining story of romantic suspense in which the past and present are interwoven into the story line. The book is plot driven and moves along at a brisk clip. The characters are interesting, though not all that well-developed. Nonetheless, this does not impact on the enjoyment that one will derive from reading this book. In particular, those who like the historical fiction genre should enjoy this book.  Serena Charters and Erik North come into contact with one another, after the death of Selena's grandmother. Serena has inherited pages of an illuminated manuscript, which is centuries old, as well as an unusual scarf that seems to have unique properties. Erik is a manuscript appraiser for Rarities Unlimited, a firm that specialized in antiquities.  Both Serena and Erik have had recurring dreams of a past that seems almost real.  Somehow, the pages of the manuscript are ties into that time long past that they both seem to recollect.  Just to complicate things, there is also a relentless killer on the loose, who will stop at nothing to acquire the book from which those manuscript pages were taken. Just what is the mystery that binds Serena and Erik is left to the reader to decipher.
4336 This is a bit of a departure from the usual fare found in a Phryne Fisher mystery but still fun and interesting. Our fearless flapper finds herself drawn into Melbourne's Jewish community through her alliance with the scion of a wealthy Jewish family. When a murder occurs in this community and the wrong person is accused, Phryne is all in, ready to right what went wrong.  Be prepared for historical references to the Zionist movement and a bit of Yiddish thrown in for good measure. As always, Phryne Fisher is her cosmopolitan, bon vivant self as she strives to find the culprit. Still, this book is not quite as lighthearted as some of the others in the series have been. It is, nonetheless, very enjoyable. Fans of Phryne Fisher will not be disappointed.
4337 This was probably a somewhat difficult work of historical fiction to write, mainly  because of the dearth of information about the central character. The author has done a yeoman's job of constructing a viable, believable, and interesting work of historical fiction, creating some pretty vivid imagery of how life may have been lived back then, while making Mary Magdalene a fully fleshed woman.  This is her story. While it is a fictional construct in large part, the author has skillfully woven a historical tapestry of people and events that draws the reader in. Relying upon what is known, while filling in the considerable gaps of what is not, the author kept me turning the pages, reading about this woman who lived through some pretty remarkable moments in history and became an iconic historical personage among the early Christians. If one is a fan of beautifully written, well-researched historical fiction, then one will enjoy this book.
4338 In this, the sixteenth book in a delightful series of cozy mysteries, the author returns to those elements that makes this series so addictive. It should be noted, however, that the book is decidedly shorter in length than usual, and the type face used is much larger. Even with the larger typeface, the story runs only about one hundred in thirty one pages, almost more of a novella than a novel.  That being said, this slim tome is an enjoyable read, despite the fact that there are no murders involved. Instead, the mystery involves a relatively minor crime, but this slight change in the author's formula does not serve to mar the reader's enjoyment of this book. The author serves up a heartwarming holiday tale of village life in northern Scotland with our lovable Highlander, Constable Hamish Macbeth, at its heart.
4339 This is a mediocre legal thriller, and my first introduction to this author. While moderately entertaining, I probably will not seek anymore novels by this author, as the writing tends to be pedestrian and formulaic. I also found the character of the attorney, Nina Reilly, to be uninteresting and an embarrassment to women in the legal profession. Perhaps, this was in part due to the fact that I listened to the unabridged audio book, where the reader infused Ms. Reilly's character with a breathy, little girl voice, that made her sound just this side of stupid.  Still, the book had its interesting moments. The plot revolves around a young woman, purportedly of Washoe Indian descent, who calls herself Jessie Potter and has just won a seven million dollar plus jackpot at a Nevada casino. She wishes to maintain a low profile, as she has a deep, dark secret. So, she retains Ms. Reilly as her attorney, seeking to collect the jackpot, while maintaining her privacy. Unbeknownst to Ms. Reilly and her client, someone else feels entitled to that jackpot and will stop at nothing, not even murder, to get it.  In constructing the plot, the author, through one of the secondary characters, gives an interesting account of how these jackpots are designed to work, as well as a bird's-eye view of the gaming industry. Moreover, the courtroom scenes are of some interest. Still, this is not enough to make this a top notch legal thriller, as the writing never rises beyond hack status. The plot is too pat and contrived, at times, and the characters remain two dimensional throughout. I found myself neither caring for nor very much liking any of the characters. This over rated book remains simply a quick, throwaway read.
4340 This is a most definitely one sided look at the life of this star, and make no mistake, Burt Lancaster was a major star in his day. Using archival footage and interviews from people in the industry who knew  and liked him, having worked with him professionally, as well as an interview with the daughter of one of his oldest and dearest friends, this take on Burt Lancaster is basically a love letter to him. It is all laudatory with nary a bad thing said about him other than he was a perfectionist with a bit of a predilection for usurping the director's role, at times. No mention is made of his numerous affairs nor his three marriages. Still what was said was of sufficient interest to make me want to see some of his movies again. This show manages to make the viewer feel as they should fall in love with Burt Lancaster, who was so very handsome and virile by any standard. So, despite its obvious lack of objectivity, the show was a most enjoyable viewing experience of a star who is gone but not forgotten.
4341 This is a beautifully written novel about a happily married woman, Kathryn Lyons, whose husband, Jack, is an airlines pilot. They have a teenage daughter named Mattie. They live in her lovely childhood home in Ely, New Hampshire. For sixteen years life has been good. Then her husband goes down with his plane, just ten miles off the coast of Ireland, and ever so slowly the very fabric of their life together unravels. The media frenzy surrounding the explosion of the plane that her husband was piloting, brings to light the plain fact that her husband had been, unbeknownst to her, leading a double life, a life that had not included her or their daughter, but had, most emphatically, excluded them. This is a story of Kathryn's navigation of the emotional roller coaster that was to become her life, as she is thrust into a maelstrom of grief and disbelief, as she struggles to reconcile her memory of the man she thought she knew, with the reality of who he now appeared to have been. This is a remarkable book, written in clean spare prose, that underscores some of the very emotion laden issues with which it grapples. At times infinitely sad and poignant, it is a story of betrayal and splintered memories. A very absorbing, skillfully told tale of adultery that will hold the reader in its thrall.
4342 This is the twenty-fifth book in a series of cozy mysteries featuring lovable Highlander, Hamish Macbeth, the constable for the sleepy village of Lochdubh in northern Scotland. Here, the reader finds Hamish newly returned from a vacation in Spain only to find that in his absence a newcomer, Catriona Beldame, has settled into his beloved village. Moreover, it seems that she has somehow bewitched the men of Lochdubh, as she has a seemingly non-stop stream of village men visiting her, causing all sorts of anxiety and anger among the local woman.  So, it is little wonder that Catriona suddenly turns up as a corpse, the victim of murder. Just who among the villagers is her killer? Well, that is what Hamish aims to discover, even though he himself becomes a suspect. Before he can straighten it all out, however, there are several more murders that follow. Really, Lochdubh is quickly becoming the murder capital of the world!  In this book, the quirky village characters beguile the reader, giving the book its cozy feel. The book is laced with sly humor throughout that is engaging, keeping the mood of the book light and highly enjoyable. One does not read these books for their literary value. One reads them purely for the fun of it.  As with all cozy mysteries, it is not so much the mystery that is of import but the characters that revolve around the mystery. While the mysteries are intriguing, they are the framework around which the characters evolve. In the endearing character of Hamish Macbeth, the author has created a sure fire winner, who has won over the many fans of the cozy mystery genre.
4343 This is a terrific CD, with its wild meld of celtic, pop, folk, and country strains. The Chieftains, accompanied by such music greats as Sting, Mick Jagger, Sinead O'Connor, The Rolling Stones, Marianne Faithfull, Tom Jones, Van Morrison, among others...who would have thought such an assemblage would result in such a cohesive recording of such wildly divergent music. Of particular note are Sting's mournful rendition of "Mo Ghile Mear" and Sinead O'Connor's stylization of "The Foggy Dew" and "He Moved Through The Fair". Mick Jagger also does justice to "A Long Black Veil". This CD is simply a great recording overall!
4344 This bicycle chain style men's bracelet has a hip, industrial look to it.  It is a heavy weight, well made bracelet with a sturdy clasp. Measuring nine inches in length, it is not adjustable. One should keep this in mind when ordering it. Unless a woman has an exceptionally large wrist, the length alone makes it unsuitable as a  unisex bracelet. I have a seven inch wrist and the bracelet dangled down halfway to my knuckles. So, this is definitely a man sized bracelet.  Highly polished, this bracelet's striking cobalt blue and silver color is very attractive,  It arrives in a black gift box, ready for that special man in your life.  It should be noted that I received this bracelet from the seller in exchange for an honest review.
4345 This is the first book in the Hamish Macbeth cozy mystery series.  While not the strongest book in the series in that both the mystery and the characters are not that well articulated or developed, it does set the groundwork for the books that are to come in this most enjoyable and utterly addictive cozy mystery series.  This book introduces to the reader Hamish Macbeth, a Highlander and local constable for the village of Lochdubh in Scotland, as well as the woman to whom he will lose his heart, Priscilla Halburton-Smythe. The mystery involves Lady Jane Winters, a notorious gossip columnist who meets an untimely death while vacationing in Lochdubh with a local fishing club. It seems that someone wanted desperately to silence her vicious yattering by whatever means necessary.  The reader sees Hamish bumbling his was around the powers that be in an attempt to solve the mystery that his boss and nemesis, Detective Chief Inspector Blair, is unable to solve. The methodology that Hamish employs to expose the killer is less methodical than in the rest of the series, as the character of Hamish Macbeth is still in a somewhat nascent stage. Still, it gives the reader a glimmer of the treats that are to come with this series, which is one that fans of the cozy mystery genre will enjoy.
4346 Teenager Nathaniel "Nat" Grimlock is a Demon Keeper in Seattle. He lives in a big old house filled with all sorts of demons, and it is his job to keep them there. The worst of the demons, the Beast, is kept under wraps in the basement.  Nat is aided in his efforts by three minions, personal demons whom he keeps in a little box.  Unfortunately, when Nat meets Sandra "Sandy" Nertz, a junior assistant librarian, who is a sophomore in the local high school, she decides that he is just the ticket for her to sow her wild oats. Despite the warnings that his former mentor gave him about dating, Nat finds himself doing just that. Let the games begin!  When the Beast escapes and begins roaming Seattle looking for prey, and Nat's mentor's former prot&eacute;g&eacute;' and nemesis, the Thin Man, returns to town, seeking to usurp Nat in his role as the Demon Keeper, all hell breaks loose. It is up to Nat to see if he can somehow set things right.  This is a fast-paced book that was evidently written with the pre-teen members of the population in mind. It is filled with non-stop action, a great deal of silly humor, and inventive, funny, and creepy characters. Heck, even I liked it, and I am as far from a pre-teen as one can get and still be breathing. Buy this book for the pre-teen in your life, and do not be surprised to see it devoured in one sitting!
4347 This is the first in a series of books featuring  Detective Jackson Brodie and three divergent cold cases, all taking place in different years:1970, 1979, and 1994,  and in different places in the United Kingdom. The plot  is highly suspenseful and multi-layered, yet at the same, the author strives to and succeeds in creating interesting, often quirky, fully-fleshed characters. The reader will enjoy unwrapping and savoring each layer, as well as delight in figuring out what happened in each case,  as they begin to intersect.  These are cases filled with family drama and intense feelings that are palpable to the reader. Our detective, though himself angst filled, carries out the part of the book that is more of a police procedural, yet finds himself, ultimately, to be part of the drama. There  an interesting duality afoot, as the book is as equally a "what happened" as a "who dunnit". So, it is not a traditional English mystery, but something so much more.  Moreover, it is beautifully written, make the turning of each page a pleasure. It is richly textured in the dark emotions of the human psyche, and the search for answers will keep the reader spellbound, turning the pages until the very last. This book is a literary tour de force.
4348 This Poldark is the original  1970s mini series, which I actually saw on video tape about 20 years ago. At the time, I loved it. Seeing it again, after watching the new Poldark series, the bloom has come off the rose. It simply does not compare to the new Poldark series, as it looks almost amateurish due to the vast difference in production values and enhancements brought about by new technology. It also has more of a stage production feel to it, as does the acting, rather than that of a film.  Still, I enjoyed it a great deal, once I got over the lackluster production values and the graininess of the film. Having read all twelve of the Poldark books, only seven or eight of them had been published at the time that this series had been filmed. It is a reasonable adaptation, only slightly different from the new Poldark mini-series, which I find to be somewhat more faithful.  Nonetheless, it remains an engrossing family saga featuring the character of Ross Poldark, his wife Demelza, his first love, Elizabeth, and his sworn enemy, George Warleggan. Set in 18th Century Cornwall, it showcases the life of the gentry, as well as that of the villagers and the mining community in which they live.
4349 Based on William Saroyan's Pulitzer Prize winning play, this film feels like a stage play adapted to film, which, in essence, is what it is. Therein lies the rub. On film, it feels somewhat stagnant. All the scenes, with the exception of the Salvation Army scene, take place in the interior of Nick's, a dive bar, where everyone knows one's name.  The cast on the whole is terrific, with excellent performances given by all with some fantastic tap dancing by one cast member. Still, that is not enough to carry this film. I found it somewhat plodding and only remotely interesting. There is very little by way of plot, as it is primarily character driven. I found Cagney's character and performance  to be the most interesting, as he presides over the bar as if he were a benevolent God-like figure. That may simply be due to his own personal magnetism.  While I do love vintage films, this would not be one of my favorites. Still, those who like these oldies but  goodies will derive some enjoyment from it.
4350 This is an entertaining thriller that kept me turning the pages.  I have read a number of books by this author, and I have yet to be disappointed. Her characters are reasonably interesting, and the plot is well-thought out. Those who like easy reading suspense will definitely enjoy this author's books.  The plot centers around a school shooting that divides the small town of Bakersfield, Oregon. Three people were killed, two of them children. The townspeople are demanding justice. After all, a young boy has confessed to the shooting. It seems, however, that the evidence indicates that he may not have acted alone.  Officer Rainie Conner is the lead investigator in the shooting, but there are those in the town that feel that her past is impacting on her investigation, as controversy is brewing over her involvement.  FBI profiler, Pierce Quincy, assists Officer Conner with the investigation, as he, too, is convinced that there is more to the shooting that meets the eye. They both want to see justice done and begin a deadly cat and mouse game with a shadowy character that lurks in the background and may, in fact, be the mastermind of all that has happened.  Those who enjoy the works of Mary Higgins Clark, Carlene Thompson, and Tami Hoag will be sure to enjoy this book, as will all those who enjoy suspense thrillers with a lot of twists and turns.
4351 When the recently widowed and ever so glamorous sophisticate Lois Doubleday married long time bachelor Jimmy Latter and moved with him into Latter End, his ancestral home in the country, it was predictable that just after just two years the honeymoon would be over. Having thrown her besotted husband's previously harmonious household into a tizzy and having created havoc where serenity had always ruled, Lois unceremoniously bites the dust. When the police are called in, there is no dearth of suspects to choose from in that one household, as it seems that everyone had a motive to murder Lois.  When Miss Maud Silver, retired governess turned private enquiry agent, is called in by the bereaved husband to assist in ascertaining the truth behind the precipitous death of his wife, the reader can be certain that no stone will be left unturned until justice is served. Her inquiries into the matter, as always, take the investigation into areas of consideration never even imagined by the police, and her astute understanding of human nature unravels an intriguing web of deceits.  Set in post World War II England, this is simply a humdinger of an English country house mystery, replete with many twists and turns. The characters are interesting, as are their relationships with one another. The story is ingeniously plotted and well-written, coming to a satisfying conclusion. Fans of the Miss Silver series of mysteries, as well as those who like English country house mysteries, will thoroughly enjoy this one.
4352 Dan Simmons is truly an author that commands respect. This book is brilliant in that it marries two genres expertly: the psychological thriller and the old fashioned horror story. Those who enjoy either or both of these genres will most definitely enjoy this book. Though it is a sequel to the author's earlier work, "Summer of Night", it is a stand alone work, in and of itself.  The book centers around Dale Stewart, a college professor who seemed to have everything going for him. Unfortunately, due to some very bad decision making on his part, his life seemed to go up in smoke, leaving behind a tattered career and a broken marriage in its wake. Dale then decides to return to his roots and seek solace in the town in which he grew up, moving into an isolated farm house. This long deserted house was once the home of an eccentric boyhood friend of his who died a bizarre and tragic death when they were kids. That is where it all began, and that it is where it all will end.  This is a genuinely creepy, well written story. The psychological elements seemingly overlap with the paranormal, leaving the reader to ask oneself just where does reality begin and where does it end? The artistry of the author's prose, coupled with his creativity, will keep the reader turning the pages of this book, spellbound by the richness of the story contained within.
4353 This time, the Honorable Phryne Fisher visits  Sydney, Australia, just as the Harbour Bridge is being constructed. When she arrives, however, her trusted companion, Dot, discovers that her married sister has gone missing. Moreover, while visiting the local university, Phryne learns that Dean's safe has been broken into and several priceless items taken. With two such puzzles laid on her doorstep, is it any wonder that our beloved flapper gets involved, holiday or no holiday?  As usual, our adventuresome sleuth gets involved in some sexual escapades, but this time one strikes a discordant note due to its sheer tawdriness. The reader will know what I mean the minute it is read. Even for our free spirited Phryne, it is a bit much and will take the reader aback. Notwithstanding this, the reader will enjoy this cozy mystery. This is, indeed, a fun series of books if one is a fan of the cozy mystery genre.
4354 This is a thought provoking, tautly written novella. A gem of suspense, it was first published in the early nineteen seventies and went on to become a popular movie of the same name, starring Katherine Ross. There was also a remake of the film starring Nicole Kidman.  The story is very simple but gripping and well written. Joanna Eberhart moves to the seemingly bucolic town of Stepford with her husband, Walter, and two children, leaving behind the dangers of big city living. An independent, assertive, intelligent, and creative woman, Joanna epitomizes the newly liberated women of the nineteen seventies. Looking for like souls with whom to become friends, she seeks out some of the other married women of the town, only to find that they are all uniformly addicted to housework, give their husbands complete obeisance, are made up to the gills, and have figures courtesy of maidenform.  Joanna manages to find several like minded women such as herself. Yet, when they, too, become addicted to housework after having a romantic weekend alone with their respective husbands, Joanna becomes convinced that the town's Men's Association has hatched a sinister plot to change all the wives of Stepford into submissive Barbie dolls. Will Joanna manage to escape the fate of the rest of the Stepford wives? Read the book and find out. You will not be disappointed.
4355 This is a highly suspenseful book, written in clear, spare prose. It is an easy read and a definite page turner. It is a plot driven book, however, with little character development.  The plot itself is simple. A beautiful screenwriter, Hilary Thomas, is confronted in her own home by an intruder named Bruno Frye. It seems that Mr. Frye has been stalking Ms. Thomas in the belief that Ms. Thomas is his long deceased mother, Katherine, who has ostensibly come back from the dead in order to kill him. He feels that he must kill her, before she kills him.  Of course, Ms. Thomas has no clue as to why Frye has singled her out. She is aware only of his murderous intent, and she is afraid, very afraid. On Frye's first go around with Ms. Thomas, she survives. On the second go around, Frye does not. Thinking herself to be safe, as Frye has seemingly gone to his maker, she is shocked when he, yet again, confronts her with deadly intent.  Why this is happening and how, will certainly keep the reader turning the pages. Some of it is predictable, but it, nonetheless, makes for an absorbing, easy read. This is one of the author's better, early efforts. Readers who enjoy suspenseful novels will not be disappointed.
4356 A lover of historical fiction, adventure books, and books with a time travel theme, I hesitated buying this book, despite the very intriguing sounding plot, because it was labeled as being a romance novel. Still, curiosity won the day, and am I ever glad that it did! This has got to be one of the most engrossing and highly entertaining novels that I have ever read. Surprisingly well written, I was hooked almost immediately.  The novel begins in the year 1945, and the plot revolves around the adventures of Claire Randall, an Englishwoman and combat nurse during World War II, who is reunited with her husband, Frank, after the war. While on a second honeymoon in Scotland, she visits a strange, flat topped hill in the highlands of Scotland, where a forbidding stone circle draws her. Touching one of the stones, she is hurled through a vortex in time and finds herself in eighteenth century Scotland.  There, she meets James Fraser, a brave and brawny Scotsman, and finds herself thrust into the midst of clan warfare and intrigue. Finding in Jamie a soulmate, she falls passionately in love, but is conflicted because of the feelings she harbors for the husband she left behind. She goes on, however, to have enough adventures to last a lifetime. What happens to these star crossed lovers in eighteenth century Scotland is riveting.  The author is a master storyteller and her use of historical detail is superlative. Those who love well written, historical fiction will be delighted. The book tells a rip roaring good story and is a veritable page turner. This is the first in a now published series of six books. Having read each and every one, all I can say is...bravo! I love each and every one of them!
4357 This is a moderately entertaining film about a house in which the electricity, the appliances, the boiler, the garbage disposal, the television, the water...ok,ok, you get my drift...become deadly threats to those who live in that house. Eleven year old David (Joey Lawrence) goes to stay with his father, Bill (Cliff De Young), and his second wife, Ellen (Roxanne Hart), David's new step-mother, for the summer in their new house. They do everything to make him comfortable. David learns from a neighborhood friend, however, that the house next door was destroyed in a terrible, violent tragedy that cost the  occupants their lives. One night while home alone, David notices that the television seems to take on a life of its own. Soon, he begins to hear the house pulsating, as does Ellen. Bill, however, decides otherwise, thinking them inordinately paranoid, until he, too, hears the pulsating. Then, look out! It is every man for himself. There is a fair amount of tension in the film, but it is still fairly predictable. The performances, however, are good, and the film manages to entertain, if not electrify, the viewer. It is a film worth renting, not buying.
4358 I am a big fan of Bentley Little, as he is truly one of the most intriguing horror novelists around. With his penchant for taking the mundane and weaving it into a no holds-barred  horror story, he has little equal in the genre.  That being said, this latest offering by the author is set in a high school that has undergone a transformation. It has gone from being a district school to being an independent charter school, and therein lies the rub. Newly independent, the principal takes independency to new heights. Unfettered and unrestrained, everyday concepts of discipline, learning, and loyalty take on new meaning. The teachers, as well as the students, slowly succumb, one by one, to this novel and horrific approach to education. As they do, the school becomes a very scary place indeed, with survival just a hope in one's heart.  As with all Bentley novels, there are some truly horrifying and shocking moments throughout. Though it is somewhat formulaic and has the usual pitfalls that are seemingly the norm with Bentley's novels, such as subplots that go nowhere, unresolved plot issues, and a race to the finish line at the end, it is the journey that is enjoyable, more so than the arrival at one's destination. So, fasten your seatbelts, as it will be a somewhat bumpy ride. Still, as one gets off this rollercoaster, one can be sure that one would willingly clamber aboard again.
4359 While boasting an excellent cast and an intriguing plot, this film simply tanks. Ashley Judd plays the role of a black widow, a female serial killer, who systematically kills off every man she meets. Ewan McGregor is the British intelligence officer who is hot on her trail. For some incomprehensible, mumbo jumbo reason, he ends up being protective of her.  In fact, incomprehensible is a good way to describe this entire film. It is poorly edited and shuffles along at a snail's pace. Despite the excellent cast, the action plods along and the movie is dead before the first body hits the ground. One finds oneself having little sympathy or empathy for any of the characters in this cinematic fiasco. Do not waste you time or your money. This one is a turkey.
4360 This series of Gaslight Mysteries is well-written and replete with period detail. Taking place in New York City in the late eighteen nineties, these books chronicle the investigatory adventures of a former socialite, turned midwife, Sarah Brandt, and Detective Sergeant Frank Malloy of the New York City Police Department. Set against a backdrop of New York City life that encompasses the teeming tenements of the poor and the stately homes of the wealthy, these books are a pleasure to read.  Although the plots are always intriguing, it is the burgeoning relationship between Sarah and Malloy that grips the reader, as well as their lives and the lives of the supporting cast of characters that pepper the series. Once again, Sarah finds herself working closely with Malloy, when an explosion kills a wealthy industrialist, whom Sarah happens to know.  Though both  Police Commissioner Theodore Roosevelt and Malloy believe  anarchists to be responsible for the bombing, Sarah suspects otherwise. Malloy needs to work closely with Sarah, as she can give him the necessary background information that only someone with her insider's knowledge of the wealthy can provide. This causes Malloy great angst, as his feelings for Sarah run deep and true, but due to the strict social hierarchy of the times, those feelings must be kept under wraps, or so he thinks.  This series is very entertaining, and the characters are well developed. The combination of history and mystery with a touch of romance is irresistible. With each book, the backdrop stories of  the lives of the main characters are fleshed out.  While the mysteries are intriguing, they are the framework around which the characters evolve. Those who enjoy historical fiction and mysteries will enjoy this series of books.
4361 This is a super soft microfiber blanket suitable for the beach, a picnic, or for use as a cozy, snuggly throw. Its baby blue color is exactly the same as  pictured on Amazon. So, what you see is what you get. The blanket comes packaged in its own little matching drawstring sack. The most surprising thing about this blanket is that it truly weighs next to nothing!  A really nice feature about this blanket is its corner pockets, which allow one to weigh it down with sand at the beach or small rocks at a picnic, so as to anchor it. It is definitely large enough for anyone to lay down on it with room to spare,  as it measures an expansive 78 Inches by 68 inches.  This is definitely a quality microfiber blanket. I totally love having it!  I received this  item in exchange for an honest review.
4362 This is a classic, old-fashioned murder mystery that was first published in 1943.  As such, it is written in a highly stylistic manner of a long ago era, which may take some getting used to, as it does have a definite anachronistic feel.  Still, it is a stunning novel of suspense. The story revolves around Laura Hunt, a beautiful, intelligent, and independent business woman at a time in which such women were rare, indeed.  She is someone to whom men are drawn, often obsessively so.  When she is apparently murdered on the eve of her marriage, Detective Mark McPherson, a hardboiled, no nonsense, virile officer of the law, is assigned the case, and he finds himself smitten the minute he sees a portrait of Laura Hunt at the scene of the crime. He is determined to bring the murderer of this lovely young woman to justice. As have all the men in Laura's life, McPherson, too, becomes obsessed with her.  McPherson goes full speed ahead, as new developments point the finger of suspicion from the least likely to the most likely suspect. Could it be Laura's handsome playboy fianc&eacute;? After all, though to the manor born, he has a decided penchant for money and other women. Could it even be Laura's long time friend, mentor, and spurned would be suitor, the effete and prissy, self-styled cynic and writer, Waldo Lydecker? Then a major, mind-boggling twist in the plot casts a new light on the evidence. Just who wanted the lovely Laura Hunt dead?  Those who enjoy old fashioned mysteries will certainly like this book, which was made into a wonderful film noir.
4363 This is book twenty four in a delightful series of cozy mysteries featuring Constable Hamish Macbeth, a red-headed highlander responsible for law and order in the town of Lochdubh and its environs in Northern Scotland.  As clueless as he appears to be about the opposite sex, when it comes to crime detection, Hamish is pretty astute.  So, when the elderly newcomer, Mrs. Gentle, who is beloved by everyone in the village of Lochdubh with the exception of Hamish, who can't stomach her, is found murdered, he puts his feelings aside and sets out to find just who killed her. He does not let the fact that Miss Gentle had been actively working to shut down his beloved Lochdubh police station, where he happily lives, deter him from his official duties. Nor does he let the fact that his wedding to Mrs. Gentle's gorgeous maid, Ayesha, goes awry, when his bride-to-be is a no show at the altar, interfere with his investigation. Of course, it just so happens that Ayesha coincidentally disappears on the day that Mrs. Gentle turns up dead. Just what is going on?  The book is laced with sly humor throughout that is engaging, and the dialogue creates a feeling of authenticity of place, making the book highly enjoyable. One does not read these books for their literary value. One reads them purely for the fun of it. As with all cozy mysteries, it is not so much the mystery that is of import but the characters that revolve around the mystery, and the characters are certainly quirky and entertaining, adding to the charm of the series. With the oddly endearing Hamish Macbeth, the author has created a character that is a winner. I really enjoy this series of cozy mysteries!
4364 I thoroughly enjoyed this book of paranormal suspense and mystery, especially as the events take place in upstate, New York, a location to which I am always drawn. It is a fairly well-written book, with a tightly woven plot. Although the author's knowledge of criminal law seems a bit sketchy, it does not unduly detract from the mystery within. Moreover, the main character Anna Young, around whom much of the plot revolves, is a very interesting, enigmatic character.  In Sandburg, a small, economically depressed hamlet, nestled in the Catskills region of New York State, a miserly slumlord named Henry Deutch is found dead of a heart attack. Anna Young, who along with her mother had been evicted from one of Henry's rundown apartments, eventually leading to her mother's death, is not shedding any tears over his demise. After all, she was heard to have sworn a blood oath of revenge against him for being the catalyst to her mother's death, and she is not sorry he is dead. In fact, before his death, she was seen casting spells and performing rituals that had disconcerted Henry.  When Henry dies amidst unusual trappings, the politically ambitious local prosecutor, Paula Richards, claims that Anna is responsible, having frightened him to death. She has her arrested, and Del Pearson, the young public defender, is assigned to represent her. Little do they know that the forces of evil are girding for battle. Anna, a practitioner of the Wiccan religion, is not surprised at the forces that are gathering. It is a battle for which she is well-prepared.  Readers of paranormal suspense will enjoy this book.
4365 This is an elegantly written memoir, searingly painful, yet, at the same time, strangely compelling, about a young woman who grew up in a dysfunctional household, raised primarily by her grandparents. Her  undemonstrative mother, who lived apart from her daughter during her formative years,  was emotionally distant,  and her father, from whom her mother was divorced, was physically absent.  When she was reunited with her father at the age of twenty, her hunger for love and affection was such that an unfatherly kiss led  to a consensual and obsessive sexual affair with her  biological father, an ordained minister. It was an obsession in which her own mother was seemingly complicit, treating her daughter as if she were a rival for the affection of the man that they both loved. The author's unseemly obsession with her father would torment and haunt her for years.  This is a beautifully told story about a parental betrayal so  incomprehensible that it will leave the reader aghast. The author infuses the book with a sadness that is heartbreakingly palpable. Her evocative and lyrical prose, spare and intense, elevates this otherwise sordid and tawdry tale, making it a haunting memoir of a past that is best forgotten.
4366 I first read this book years ago and disliked it. I recently read it again and liked it. Go figure. A trucker  picks up a beautiful  young woman in the desert, whom he finds hitchhiking. She insinuates herself into his life almost immediately. Before he knows it, she is claiming she is God. Therein lies the tale.  This book is an easy, allegorical read with food for thought. Yet at the same time, it maintains a lighthearted, almost humorous tone throughout. Though not my favorite book by the author, I am glad that I read it again. Like love, it was most definitively better the second time around.
4367 Originally released in the early nineteen eighties by the author under his pseudonym Leigh Nichols, this book is a winner.  From the well constructed, intricate plot to the downright creepiness of the tale, the reader will eagerly keep turning the pages of this highly suspenseful book.  When Susan Thornton, a brilliant physicist, wakes up in the hospital after being in a coma, she has amnesia.  As she begins to remember her past, memories about her work or the company for which she worked remain elusive.  Then strange things start to happen at the hospital, as people from a dark part of her past, some of whom are dead, begin to appear among the living, very much alive and very threatening to her. Susan is completely terrorized by what is happening and begins to doubt her sanity.  Although the ending is somewhat abrupt, and this is not uncommon with this author's books, it is still a satisfyingly suspenseful book. I simply could not put down! Fans of the author will love it.
4368 It is summer...1986. Twenty seven climbers triumph at the K2 summit. Thirteen climbers die in their quest to conquer K2. Therein lies the tale.  The author, a photographer who calls himself a climber, though that is debatable, attempts to make sense of the events that unfolded on the mountain that summer. Relying upon the anecdotes and narratives of others, as well as his own personal observations, he tries to put the events into perspective, even though he has no first hand knowledge of what transpired up on the mountain, for the most part. Although he was there, he rarely ventured past base camp.  The book does make for an interesting read, as we look at events as they unfold before the author. It is amazing that with all the tragedies that seemed to occur at almost every turn, the climbers still kept climbing, never losing sight of their quest. At times this singlemindedness on the part of the climbers comes across as somewhat meglomaniacal.  The author is very candid in his commentary throughout the book and, surprisingly, he does not hesitate to speak ill of the dead.  His candor, while somewhat disturbing, is refreshing, and it is interesting to find out that the gods do, indeed, have clay feet.
4369 In the winter of 1963, a thirteen year old girl, Alison Carter, out for a walk with her dog, suddenly vanishes from her sleepy, insular English hamlet. Although there is no corpse, an unexpected discovery in a local cave brings George Bennett, the young inspector assigned to the case, to an inevitable conclusion, leading to an arrest. Despite its resolution, this case will continue to haunt Inspector Bennett for years to come.  When journalist Catherine Heathcote decides to film a documentary about that murder case, the now retired George Bennett fully cooperates initially, then suddenly has a change of heart for reasons that he refuses to share with Ms. Heathcote. Suddenly, our intrepid journalist senses that there is more to this story than meets the eye, and she sets out to unravel the secret of what really happened to Alison Carter in the winter of 1963. It is a journey of discovery that will keep the viewer riveted to the screen.  This two part Masterpiece film is based upon on the best-selling  book of the same name by Val McDermid. This book was an Edgar Award finalist and  New York Times Notable Book of the year with good reason, as it is a beautifully crafted, intriguing mystery. The film follows the book in large part but makes some rather unnecessary changes and additions that do not particularly enhance the story.  Notwithstanding this, the film is still compelling from beginning to its final denouement. There are past and present sequences that slowly unvail story. The cast is simply terrific, with Julia Stevenson the standout with her beautifully nuanced portrayal of the  conflicted journalist, Catherine Heathcote. Those who love mysteries will surely enjoy this British Masterpiece production. Moreover, if you have not yet done so, read the book, as well.
4370 I had no expectations when I started reading this thriller. Within minutes, however, I found myself totally engrossed and could hardly bear to put this plot-driven book down. Written in clear, spare prose, the author gives us an intriguing story line with many unexpected twists and turns, as well as a very charismatic hero who is smart, compassionate, and gutsy, with a great sense of humor and a  core sense of right and wrong.  Nick Heller's brother, Roger, seemingly vanishes into thin air without a trace after his wife, Lauren, is attacked. Her son Gabe, Roger's step-son, asks his Uncle Nick for help in finding out what happened. So, Nick, like a knight in shining armor, comes to the rescue, determined to find out what happened to his brother,  from whom he has been somewhat estranged. Nick, a former member of the Army's special forces, now works for a high powered intelligence firm, specializing in high end investigations. So, he is no stranger to solving mysteries.  Nick's investigation soon begins to take many labyrinthine twists and turns, as he learns things about his brother that are both surprising and shocking. Moreover, as Nick gets more and more involved in the investigation, he begins to get a sense that things are not all that they seem.  Where his investigation leads, will surely surprise the reader.  This book was a compelling page-turner, and I was hooked from the get-go. I could not bear to put it down. Unfortunately, work has a way of sometimes interfering with my reading.  Anyway, I loved the book and the main protagonist, Nick Heller, and hope that there will be another book featuring him. Those who enjoy fast-paced, well-plotted thrillers will be sure to love this book.
4371 The book is a mediocre thriller that is purely plot driven, as none of the characters are particularly well-developed, and, for the most part, are not particularly intelligent or all that likeable. The dialogue is nothing to write home about, though the plot itself is somewhat interesting.  It is a cautionary tale about the internet that involves a serial killer who preys on lonely love-starved women on a fantasy site on the internet. That being said, it has a somewhat anachronistic feel to it, as it is a bit outdated, as those operating on the internet are giving DOS commands to maneuver around in cyberspace. This is understandable given the fact that the book was published sometime in the mid nineteen nineties.  Overall, this is a book from which fans of the author or those who enjoy the thriller genre may derive a modicum of enjoyment. If so, borrow it from the library rather than buy it.
4372 This is a stagey drama in which Joan Crawford is cast as the villainess. She plays the role of Eva Phillips, a manipulative, rich witch, who thrives on making those around her as miserable as is possible. She is married to Avery, well played by a brooding and dour Barry Sullivan. Avery is a wealthy mill owner who is bitterly unhappy in his marriage and drowns his sorrows with alcohol. Eva is the queen bee and autocratically rules over her hive, and, boy, has she got some sting! Whatever Eva wants, Eva gets, and the hell with anybody else. She is the character that the viewer loves to hate. Betsy Palmer winsomely plays the role of Carol Lee, Avery's sister. She is engaged to marry her brother's right hand man, Judson Prentiss, played with appropriate melancholic angst by John Ireland. What Betsy is about to find out from Eva about Judson is calculated to hurt her. What Eva does not count on is the fallout that will ultimately encompass her own precious self with tragic results. Lucy Marlow plays the role of the ingenue, Eva's cousin who has come to stay with her. At first, she is fooled by Eva, but quickly realizes just what a piece of work Eva is. Avery and Eva's cousin fall in love, however, and end up having the last laugh on Eva. This is a well acted drama that will delight all Joan Crawford fans, as well as those who love classic films.
4373 When Blaine Avery's wealthy husband died at home, it was ruled a suicide, though many of the townspeople did not believe for one minute that he committed suicide. Suspicion, therefore, rested upon his young wife, who was became a millionaire in her own right upon his death.  Blaine is aware of the rumors and innuendos that surround her, making her job as step-mother to Martin's daughter that much more difficult, as well as the subject of much gossip. She is determined to live down the rumors. After all, she did not kill her husband, though she, too, found it difficult to believe he killed himself.  When yet another body is found on the Avery property, the Sheriff is hard pressed to eliminate Blaine from the list of suspects.  This time the body is that of her step-daughter's best friend, a teenage girl that had everything to live for.  When the body toll continues to rise, and Blaine is connected in some way to the discovery of each corpse, she is determined to clear her name whatever the cost. Although the Sheriff is convinced of Blaine's innocence, it is being whispered that his vision is clouded by the torch he has been carrying for her for years. After all, they were childhood sweethearts.  As with all of Carlene Thomson's books, this one is enjoyable. Though somewhat formulaic, it is well-plotted and the dialogue believable, moving the book along at a brisk clip. Those who enjoy books of romantic suspense will enjoy this one.
4374 This is much richer fare than the film adaptation of the book, which I saw before reading the book. The author does a remarkable job of creating a woman of flesh and blood out of all the documents and correspondence that she had to sift through and read in order to compile this eminently readable biography of a prominent and influential eighteenth century woman. It was like looking into another time and place.  The author paints a vivid three dimensional portrait of Georgiana, the Duchess of Devonshire, with all her positive attributes and foibles laid bare for the reader. The book also richly details the social mores of the eighteenth century, as well as the lifestyle of the rich and famous of that era. Georgiana's place as a leader of that stratum of society is clearly delineated within the pages of the book and makes for fascinating reading. She comes to life on the pages of this book.  Since Georgiana became a political animal and involved herself in Whig politics, the politics of the times holds a prominent place in the book. This, unfortunately, is the Achilles heel in the book, as too much time is spent on the politics of the day and some of it is dry stuff, indeed. Still, the book is filled with so many interesting anecdotes of some of the most important personages of the time, whose lives intertwined with that of Georgiana's, that the reader will stay the course and come away with a feeling of having met one of the most interesting of women of the time.
4375 I confess that I love the Charlie Chan series of books by Earl Derr Biggers. The author created an iconic character when he created Charlie Chan. The only trouble is that there were only about half a dozen such books written by the author. Other authors have tried to write Charlie Chan mysteries, and this book is one such recreation.  It was also made into a movie starring Peter Ustinov as Charlie Chan.  I eagerly opened this book but was terribly disappointed. The writing is second rate, and the mystery isn't all its cracked up to be, after all. The book is written in a very campy style and features Charlie Chan's grandson, an inept, would be detective who struggles to emulate his grandfather. Charlie Chan is brought out of retirement, when San Francisco is caught in a wave of unusual murders. Charlie Chan and his grandson join forces and try to solve these murders.  This book is a poor excuse for a mystery. While it was nice to know that there was another Charlie Chan mystery, it was in the hands of an inept writer. While humorous at times, the book was off the mark and not something I could recommend. Earl Derr Biggers, the creator of Charlie Chan, would roll over in his grave if he were to read this jumbled mess of a book.
4376 My sister gave me this book. It is not a genre of book in which I would normally be interested, but being a book lover I decided to bite the bullet and give it a whirl. I am glad that I did, as it is a well-written and very well/researched, highly detailed book. In keeping with its title, the book focuses on Hollywood dynasties through the ages.  The book shows just how strong a factor nepotism has been, and continues to be, in Hollywood. I found the book to be quite interesting, much more so than I had imagined, due to the amount of detail included. It was quite anecdotal, and it were as if Hollywood were unfolding before me. I really enjoyed reading it a great deal. A look at Hollywood and its influential and important dynastic families was a fascinating and entertaining read.
4377 This is a somewhat tepid book by this award winning author. Perhaps because her other novels are so terrific, this one pales in comparison. While well written, it moves along at a ponderous pace, a lull before the storm that never quite arrives. The author weaves two stories in one. One is about a turn of the century actress, Celia Sands, who mysteriously disappeared, during a torrid affair with her wealthy, married Italian lover, who wrote a play for her. She never had an opportunity to perform the leading role in her lover's masterpiece, however, due to her untimely disappearance. The main story line is about a present day actress of the same name, though no relation, who is called upon to play the role the first Celia Sands was unable to play. For this role, Ms. Sands is brought to a villa in Italy, which was once the home of the playwright and now belongs to his  grandson, Alex. While there, Celia realizes that there are some strange goings on, but does not know why. All soon becomes clear, though it takes many pages for everything to fall into place. There is really nothing too mysterious in this mildly suspenseful novel. Those who have read the author's other novels may be mildly disappointed. Newcomers to this author may enjoy it more. Nonetheless, it is still a well written, though somewhat tepid and belabored, novel.
4378 This bumper sticker makes little sense and is not funny. It is simply homophobic. Substitute the word "heterosexual" for the word "lesbian". It makes just as much sense.  No one becomes a lesbian, any more than one becomes a heterosexual. This bumper sticker merely advertises the ignorance of the bearer. Moreover, not going to church or practicing witchcraft is not synonymous with being a lesbian.  If, however,  you think that it is, then by all means, this is the bumper sticker for you.
4379 In this, the fourth book in of the Agatha Raisin cozy British mystery series, the irrepressible Agatha has just returned to her bucolic Cotswold village of Carsely,  from her six month stint as a public relations agent in London. Hoping that absence has made the heart grow fonder, she is disappointed to find that her secret heartthrob and neighbor, the very attractive retired colonel, James Lacey, is not pining away for her.  When Jessica Tartinck, who runs a hiking club called the Dembley Walkers  that treks across the properties of others without so much as a by your leave, turn up murdered in a local field, Agatha Raisin perks up. Once again she is able to join forces with James Lacey, and together this amateur crime fighting duo will try to solve the murder. Perhaps, it just takes murder to warm the cockles of his heart towards Agatha.  This book is notable for its introduction of the recurring character, Sir Charles Fraith.  As always, the book is filled with droll humor and the central characters and their relationships continue to evolve. As with all cozy mysteries, the murder in almost secondary, as it is simply the glue that binds. This is a fun and highly addictive series, entertaining and peppered with a host of quirky characters. Well-plotted, the dialogue is credible, and the pace is brisk.  Fans of the cozy mystery genre will love this series.
4380 Having read and enjoyed the horror novel, "Deep in the Darkness",  by this author, I decided to take a look at this other novel by him. Well, I was not disappointed by this highly original, plot driven,  alien invasion thriller. Although there is little character development, the book's intriguing plot is sufficient to satisfactorily carry the reader through to the end.  When a New York City police detective discovers a grotesquely injured, naked man running out of an alley, leaving a trail of blood in his wake, the detective is intrigued. When the man runs out blindly into the street, an oncoming car hits him. With his dying breath, the man whispers just one last word. It is a word that is to lead Detective Frank Ballaro on a merry chase, especially after discovering a second, similarly injured man in the alley. This one, however,  has a strange, foreign object clutched in his hands.  What that object is and what the puzzling last word of a  dying man means are at the heart of the problem facing New York City, as a phalanx of bald men in black leather, wearing sunglasses, begin to blanket the city. What is their purpose? That is what is at the crux of this exciting and unusual alien invasion story. Read it and find out for yourself. You will not be disapointed. The powerful storyline overcomes any of the shortcomings in the writing and keeps the reader turning the pages of this book.
4381 This adaptation of the novel by  John Cleland, "Fanny Hill: Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure", boasts a delightful screenplay, an excellent cast, and great cinematography. Rebecca Night is outstanding as Fanny  Hill, combining a sweet innocence and certain naivete with a lusty zest for life.  This film tells the story of Fanny Hill, a pretty, young and innocent country lass who is left to her own devices once both her parents die unexpectedly due to illness. A childhood friend takes her to London, where she promptly leaves her in a bawdy house. From there, Fanny's life careens wildly, as she finds and loses her true love, only to once again find herself back where she started.  The viewer should be aware that there is a certain amount of nudity and sexual congress, which is to be expected, given Fanny's occupation. After all, a bit of bawdiness is to be expected, when one is, after all, a bawd. This is is an amusing and witty, well-acted, succinct adaptation of the novel that beautifully captures its essence.
4382 This is an interesting work of historical fiction by a noted writer of historical fiction and gifted storyteller, Norah Lofts. the author capably details the life of Eleanor of Aquitaine, one of the most famous and celebrated women of the middle ages. Touted by the troubadours of her time as being a woman without compare, Eleanor of Aquitaine could certainly be held to be the first feminist.  Married first to the pious King of France, Louis VII, she bore him two daughters and went with him on an unsuccessful Crusade, where she was to have a number of adventures. Stifled by the King's somewhat misogynistic advisors, she and the King would come to a parting of the way after fifteen years of marriage. No sooner was she divorced and returned to her Duchy of Aquitaine, than she met eighteen year old Henry Plantagenet, who was to become King Henry II of England. Nearly a dozen years separated them but this was to be no bar to their marriage.  Eleanor and Henry were to marry, and she bore him numerous sons and daughters. She lived happily with Henry for many years, until she discovered that he had a mistress, the fair Rosamonde of legend. The break in their relationship would eventually result in the estrangement of Henry from his sons and the imprisonment of Eleanor for nearly eighteen years.  This is an excellent work of historical fiction, filled with the political intrigues of the day, historical events and personages, and a story that has withstood the test of time. It is a book that those who like well-written historical fiction will, undoubtedly, enjoy.
4383 I have read and loved many of the other British cozies written by this author. In fact, she has written a number of series: Agatha Raisin, Hamish Macbeth, and the Edwardian Mystery series. I have enjoyed them all. This one, however, does not compare favorably.  The author introduces the character of Fellworth Dolphin, a nearly forty year old virgin who comes into a tidy little inheritance when his cold, unfeeling mother dies.  As he and his mother had lived a working class existence when his mother was alive, Fellworth is both surprised and confused by the wealth of riches to which he suddenly finds himself heir,  Fellworth buddies up with a Plain Jane, Maggie Partlett, a waitress at the same hotel in which he also waits on tables. When Maggie moves in with Fellworth, they both begin to blossom, as does love. Together they seek to solve the mystery of Fellworth's surprising inheritance.  The problem with the book is that the characters are neither particularly well-developed nor engaging, nor is the plot all that intriguing. The dialogue is tepid, and the pace is languorous. That being said, fans of this author will derive a modicum of enjoyment from this book.
4384 This is a well-written novel that takes pace in the South during the early civil rights movement. It features a South in transition, as well as a series of complicated relationships between blacks and whites at that time. There are also glimmers of the feminist movement that resonate faintly throughout the book.  The story focuses on three intrepid Southern women from Mississippi. Skeeter Phelan is a young, college educated, southern white woman in her early twenties who, to the horror of her family, has not yet acquired a husband.  Aibileen Clark, who works as a maid, is a quiet, intelligent black woman with a well-spring of bitterness that derives from having lived in the Jim Crow South for so long.  Minny Jackson is a sassy maid with a troubled employment history, who also happens to be a friend of Aibileen.  Together, these three women will collaborate on a project that will change and shape them for years to come. Out of their collaboration will come a book that will reveal to all and sundry what it is like for a black woman to work as a maid in the Deep South.  The author weaves a spellbinding, poignant story that is both heartwarming and heartbreaking. Written with a sense of humor that permeates throughout, the book is thoroughly enjoyable, as well as profoundly moving. It is a refreshing look at a bygone era that caused misery to so many and was fraught with so many complexities.  I found myself riveted to its pages, until the very last one was turned.  It is a stunning debut novel.
4385 In this, her one hundredth published novel, the author takes a nosedive. For the legions of Catherine Cookson fans, it would have been better not to posthumously publish this mediocre novel and let the author rest in peace on her well deserved laurels. Catherine Cookson was a wonderful storyteller, but this book falls a bit short of her previous high marks.  Set in early twentieth century England, this is the story of Annie Hannigan, a girl who, through her mother's marriage to a wealthy country doctor, goes from rags to riches. A flaxen haired, blue eyed beauty, Annie has her share of heartache when the boy she loves, Terence Macbane, seems elusive and out of reach. Her heartbreak is compounded when a viscious acquiantance, Cathleen Davidson, makes it her business to try and see that Annie and Terence never get together by putting Terence into her predatory crosshairs. Who shall be the victor? I am afraid that you will have to read the book and find out.  The usual themes found in a Catherine Cookson novel are found in this one, as well. Class conflicts, as well as romance and familial ties, abound. Unfortunately, the characters are not particularly well drawn, and the reader will find it difficult to care about what happens to any of them. It reads more like a work in progress. Unless you already are a Catherine Cookson devotee, you will find it hard to find this book of interest.
4386 What do you do when you are over fifty years old, and the company for which you have worked for nearly a quarter of a century is downsizing and gives you the ax? One would think that you would simply get another job. Wrong! In this era of corporate downsizing and fierce competition, that may be easier said than done. Ask Burke Devore.  Burke Devore, unemployed now for nearly two years, would like nothing better than to get a job commensurate with his experience as a product manager for a paper mill corporation, but as I said, competition is fierce. Desperate in his quest for the american dream that seems to have turned into a nightmare from which he cannot wake, his middle class life is spiraling out of control. He must regain control by whatever means necessary. Burke Devore, thinking out of the box, simply decides to eliminate the competition...literally. Our erstwhile serial killer is mad as hell, and he isn't going to take it anymore.  This darkly satirical and provocative novel is a veritable page turner. Moreover, there is an underlying social commentary that permeates the plot, which serves to make the reader complicit with the protagonist, as he moves forward with his deadly agenda. Well written and original in concept, it makes for a book well worth reading, especially by those who enjoy mysteries and novels of suspense.
4387 This memoir offers in insider's look into another distinct and unique way of life. It is a way of life espoused by patriarchal, fundamentalist Mormons, who adhere to polygamy as a central tenet of their faith. This celestial law, often referred to as "The Principle", is what molds their lives from birth, and their beliefs make for fascinating reading.  The author was born in Utah, the home of Mormonism, into a fourth generation polygamous family in 1937. Consequently, she lived her life accordingly in that insular, fundamentalist community. The thirteenth of thirty-one children, the author chose to follow the tenets of her faith and marry a man who lived by "The Principle".  She entered into a polygamous marriage with her half-sister's husband, Vernon LeBaron, who was a member of what would later become the notorious LeBaron family.  The author lays out what it was like to grow up in a polygamous household, and what it was like to be a wife, one of what would ultimately be nine, in a polygamous family. Her chronicle is one of desperate poverty, hunger, loneliness, and isolation, as she struggled to remain true to "The Principle". Most of the reminiscences take place in the nineteen forties though the nineteen eighties, when the author finally was liberated, after twenty-eight years of marriage, by circumstances beyond her control.  As with fundamentalism everywhere, women get the short straw, and the author illustrates that premise to great effect with her own life story. Those who enjoy reading about other cultures will find this book of great interest. This bird-eye view into the strange, cult-like world of Mormon fundamentalism will hold the reader captive and keep the pages of this book turning.
4388 This a well-written, compelling legal thriller, about a Charley Sloan, a lawyer who once had the whole world in his hands and was an extremely successful litigator. Then, through his abuse of alcohol, he lost it all.  Now, a recovered alcoholic, he is struggling to make a living. His future looks bleak, as his career is on the skids. Then, like a bolt out of the blue, an old flame asks him to defend her step-daughter, a young woman who is alleged to have killed her father.  At first, he is hesitant to take the case, but both his former lover and her step-daughter are insistent. So, he succumbs and takes the case. After all, it is his chance to once again grab the brass ring and maybe find redemption along the way.  He soon finds out, however, that things are not always what they seem.  This is a fast-paced, well-plotted legal thriller that will keep the reader turning the pages. Fans of this genre will not be disappointed.
4389 This is a terrific novel of suspense, offering the reader a riveting, page turning read. It is hard to put down, once the reader is in its thrall. Well written in spare, clean prose, it will keep most readers guessing until the very end.  The premise is fairly simple. Deborah Robinson, a young woman and mother of an adorable and precocious set of five year old twins, suddenly has the bottom drop out of her world when her husband, Steve, a prosecuting attorney, suddenly disappears without warning. Shortly thereafter, she is stunned to discover  that he is suspected of being a serial killer who, for the past eight years, has been killing young women fitting a description that matches hers.  Delving into her husband's past, she uncovers information of which she was previously unaware, which causes her to question  just what her husband may really have been hiding. Yet, despite all that she discovers, she believes steadfastedly that her husband is not what he is suspected of being.  At the same time that this is going on, the man who had fifteen years earlier been convicted of brutally beating and raping Steve's sister, Emily, causing her to be institutionalized, is released from prison and believed to be in the area seeking revenge. Does this also have something to do with Steve's disappearance?  Things are not always what they seem, as the reader will discover. There are enough plausible twists and turns in this novel of suspense to satisfy even the most exacting and demanding of readers. This is a gripping read from beginning to end and one of the best of its genre.
4390 My daughter had highly recommended this book, and I confess that I had reservations, since so many of Patterson's recent literary ventures had been disappointing. Still, I gave it a whirl and could not put it down. It was a wild, thrilling, fast paced action book with a myriad of twist and turns that literally take the reader's breath away. I was riveted from the get-go.  That being said, the characters are one dimensional and many are downright unlikable. The reader has to suspend some disbelief, but it is worth it, as the plot is so diabolically clever. It is a totally plot driven book and fiendishly imaginative. It is also a quick, easy read.  When Lauren Stillman sees her beloved husband, Paul, with another woman, she draws a conclusion that would set her on a path from which there would be no return.  She sets out to have an affair of her own, a quickie, only to have it all go awry, when she witnesses an unbelievable and deadly act. From that moment on, Lauren's life will never be the same.  This book, with all its wild twist and turns, will keep the reader riveted to its pages. Truly suspenseful, it is a thriller that pulls out all the stops and provides a wild, crazy, rollercoaster of a ride.  I read this book in one sitting, as I could not stop reading it, compulsively turning the pages until the very end.  The book is a thriller in every sense of the word.
4391 Let me cut to the chase. I loved this book! I simply could not put it down. I only lament the fact that I had left it sitting unread on my bookshelf for years. It is really unlike anything else I have ever before read. The book that comes closest is "The Stolen Child" by Keith Donohue. So, if you enjoyed that book, you will definitely enjoy this one.  In this book, the author, who is renowned for his epics in the fantasy genre, gives the reader a contemporary tale interspersed with elements of fantasy and horror. Well-written and highly imaginative, the author fully engages the reader with this finely crafted story about a family that, seeking respite from the pressures of our modern day world, moves from California to a small hamlet in upstate New York. Little do they know that their new home, set in a bucolic, rural setting, is really a gateway to another world, one that is inhabited by creatures of ancient lore. They will soon discover that looks can be deceiving and that ancient forces are at work all around them.  Be prepared to be swept away by magical portents and a faerie world that exists side by side with our world. Know that the battle between good and evil is ever present. This is a wonderfully told tale of a family that finds itself engulfed by events beyond their ken. So skillfully does the author tell this dark, well-crafted story that the unbelievable quickly becomes believable, fully engaging the reader in an absorbing book that the reader will find impossible to put down. Bravo!
4392 I read this book when it first came out over twenty years ago and very much enjoyed it. A best seller in its time, I recently came across it on my bookshelf and, remembering how much I had enjoyed it, decided to give it another go-around. Time has not diminished the author's ability to grip the reader with this political thriller, though some of it now seems a little anachronistic. Women are regarded differently now and the cold war has long been an issue of the past. Of course, the world has changed much since this book was first released.  The book basically opens on a world that teeters on the edge of global disaster, as an uneasy cold war peace is threatened by the specter of a nuclear war. A harried president, worn and weary by the fray, suddenly announces that he wishes to take some time off and schedules a trip on Air Force One to an undisclosed location. The plane takes off as scheduled but never reaches its destination. When the plane is discovered, the mystery only deepens, leaving a weak vice-president to struggle with the pieces of an ever deepening mystery, as well as with a world seemingly on the brink of war.  This is a tightly woven tale that those who like a good political thriller will enjoy.
4393 Poor Hamish Macbeth, the Constable of the quaint village of Lochdubh, has been reassigned to a new post in the bustling and gritty city of Strathbane, since the village of Lochdubh is hardly a hotbed of criminal activity. Feeling put out and longing for village life, Hamish wonders if he is at all missed by those he has left behind. Little does he know that the villagers are planning to stage some criminal activity in hopes of getting him back home where he belongs. Hamish may be a bit  lazy, but he is one of their own and they desperately want him back.  As luck would have it, they succeed, and Hamish returns  just in time for him to find out who murdered Maggie Baird, middle-aged minx who was a new arrival to Lochdubh. Who could have done it? Was it her put upon, long suffering niece? Was it her four former lovers who were Maggie's house guests? All had motive and opportunity. Or was it some else altogether?  This is the fifth book in a series of cozy mysteries featuring lovable Highlander, Hamish Macbeth. In this book, village life takes center stage, and the village characters continue their development, giving the book that cozy feel. The book is also laced with sly humor throughout that is engaging, keeping the mood of the book light and highly enjoyable.  As with all cozy mysteries, it is not so much the mystery that is of import but the characters that revolve around the mystery. While the mysteries are intriguing, they are the framework around which the characters evolve. With the oddly endearing Hamish Macbeth, the author has created a character that is bound to win many fans of the cozy mystery genre.
4394 This book is a psychological foray, a dark and gritty look into the face of consummate evil, whose countenance is that of a mere boy. Known by different names to those with whom he comes in contact, little good follows those who form a relationship with him. The boy, who has the face of an angel, has a soul rife with corruption. He is a natural predator who ingratiates himself into the lives of others, then seeks to discover their psychic needs in order to know what  buttons to push in order to get others to do what he secretly wants them to do.  Machiavellian in the extreme, no good comes of what the boy  wants, as his intention is to inflict the maximum psychic pain that he can on those who would seek to befriend him. Chameleon-like, he is known by different names.  To Sean Hennessy, who was once his foster father,  the boy was known as Durwood. Now, Sean is desperately looking for the boy, as he believes that the boy will provide answers for the tragedy that enveloped Sean's family.  This is a moody and dark book. There is nothing uplifting about it. Tense and disquieting throughout, at times I found it somewhat repetitive. At other times, it seemed to drag. As a debut novel, it shows that the author has potential, as he is clearly  master of  the written word, the writing sometimes waxing positively poetic. Yet, there is something disturbing about the author's vision of redemption for one's sins. The book is too dark by far for me. Still, it is certainly a promise of things to come.
4395 This is a very well written and absorbing novel by a master story teller. It is highly descriptive and captures the reader in its thrall. It is a chilling and imaginative ghost story centered around a love triangle that existed approximately two thousand years ago and ultimately ended in murder. The murderer, Marcus, a Roman legionaire, is cursed by his wife, Claudia, after he has her lover, Nion, a druid priest, killed. Marcus then kills Claudia. It is this tragedy that now haunts the present.  When London based author, Kate Kennedy, breaks off with her selfish live in lover, she goes off to lick her wounds and nurse a broken heart in a cottage in a remote area of North Essex. The cottage, though cozy, begins to become a less than hospitable place, when unexplained sounds, scents, and traces of moist earth and sand begin to manifest themselves. Moreover, her landlord's son, Greg, and daughter, Allison, seem determined to have her leave the cottage.  Discovering that Allison has come across an archaeological site not far from the cottage, Kate goes to the site and finds an ancient Celtic ornament. She soon begins to hear voices in her mind and see visions of what cannot be. Ultimately, Greg, Allison, and Kate become trapped in the miasma of these ancient star crossed lovers who are determined to bring their long dormant conflict to resolution. The cost to those in the present is dear, as the reader will soon find out.  Be warned. This is a scary book.
4396 This good quality canvas backpack is really well-constructed and well-designed. It is simply a gorgeous looking backpack, which I received from the seller in exchange for an honest review. The photo on Amazon does not do it justice. The sea foam green color of the backpack coordinates beautifully with the eclectic multi-color print.  The interior is exceptionally roomy. There is a padded section in which to place one's laptop. My 11" laptop fits comfortably with room to spare, and I am confident that it would be well-protected. There is also an interior zippered compartment that could accommodate keys, pens, and other small items.  Additionally, there are three small interior pocket style compartments that could accommodate a smart phone and accessories. There is also plenty of room in the main compartment for books. The two exterior pockets, one on each side of the bag, are perfect for carrying bottled drinks or even a small umbrella. There is also a roomy exterior zippered compartment for additional items,  The straps on this backpack are padded and well-placed, allowing for an even distribution of weight. The back of the bag is padded, as well, to provide extra comfort between the bag and one's back when carrying it.  This is a great back-to-school backpack for a student of any age and well worth the price. I totally love it!
4397 In the annals of holocaust literature, this is one of the more unflinching collection of death camp stories, as it depicts the stark reality of the desperate situation of those ensconced in concentration camps, where the final solution was frantically put into play. The stories are of the unimaginable and the nearly unendurable, replete with the inherent pathos of the situation of the truly desperate. It is shows the desensitization that takes place in order for one to survive the horrors of a death camp. It is an unapologetic dissertation of what camp life was truly like for those for whom surviving was the bottom line. It also shows how the Jewish people were clearly singled out for mass extermination.  The author himself survived two death camps, Auschwitz and Dachau, where he had been imprisoned from 1943 to 1945, as a young man in his early twenties. Born in the Ukraine in 1922 to Polish parents who spent time in Siberian labor camps, the author was no stranger to hardship. Yet, he was little prepared for man's inhumanity to man. His time in the death camps was to form an indelible impression on him, resulting in this collection of stories, which chronicle man's inhumanity to man. It shows how camp culture made all those within its sphere participants in its reign of terror and in the final solution. In the end, having survived the unimaginable, the author committed suicide in 1951, choosing to gas himself to death. The irony inherent in his choice of death is not lost upon the discerning reader.
4398 The author first introduced the character of Miss Silver, a retired governess turned private investigator, to the public in 1928, and she was an instant hit. So, many more mysteries, featuring this character, soon followed. This cozy English mystery was first published in 1949, and while Ms. Silver is visiting a friend in an English village, murder strikes, upsetting the equilibrium of the villagers.  When James Lessiter returns home to the English village of Melling after a hiatus of twenty years, he finds that his inheritance may be a bit short, due to the suspected pilfering by an old flame, who is now a tenant on his property.  Moreover, his former fianc&eacute;e may have a few bones to pick with him, and her nephew may also have a score to settle.  When he ends up dead in his ancestral home, there is no dearth of suspects, including a few who may simply have wanted a piece of his pie. So, when one of the suspects feels the heat of suspicion from the police, she immediately engages the services of Miss Silver, who does not let her down.  This is a well-written English mystery, reflecting the social mores of the time, and enjoyable to read, if one is a fan of this genre. This is my first book featuring Miss Silver, and it won't be my last.
4399 This is an enjoyable cozy mystery series featuring twenty-three year old Molly Murphy, a recent immigrant to America's shores sometime at the turn of the twentieth century. This is the second book in that series.  Fans of the first book will not be disappointed with this offering, in which the very independent Molly seeks her way to secure the American dream.  After a brief stint as a lady's companion, she decides to become a private investigator, an unheard of occupation for a woman in the early nineteen hundreds. She becomes an assistant to Paddy Riley, a private investigator with a seamy reputation, and before long, he ends up dead.  This leads Molly on her own private quest to find his killer. Of course, Captain Daniel Sullivan of the New York City Police Department, with whom Mollie is in love, is in the picture, though complications have arisen in the romance department. With very little help and guidance, Molly has many adventures in her search for the killer, a killer who will stop at nothing to keep Molly from becoming successful in her quest for justice.  This is a lively, fun series of cozy mysteries that are well-written and offer interesting plots, as well as well-developed characters. The series is replete with historical detail evocative of a by-gone era. Those who enjoy the historical cozy mystery genre will definitely enjoy this entertaining series.
4400 With Dexter Morgan, the author has created one of the most memorable characters around. Moreover, he has managed to make the reader really like Dexter, no mean feat, given the fact that Dexter is a serial killer, albeit one who only offs bad people.  With this sequel to "Darkly Dreaming Dexter", the author continues Dexter's saga. Still working as a blood splatter expert for the Miami police department, Dexter is spending quite a bit of time with his girlfriend, Rita, and her two kids. He is simply trying to fit in as best he can, knowing his own inner demons.  Meanwhile, his nemesis, Sergeant Doakes, continues to hound Dexter,  engaging in a cat and mouse game that effectively curtails Dexter from exercising his secret vocation.  Opportunity knocks when a crazed psychopath begins kidnapping and hideously mutilating people in an unimaginable way. Dexter's sister Deborah finds herself connected to the case, and Dexter finds himself intrigued by this cunning psychopath whose technique is so fiendish as to leave even Dexter breathless.  Inadvertently, this psychopath will end up doing Dexter a solid.  Written with sly humor, I enjoyed this second Dexter book even more than the first.  With a fascinating plot, an ingenious psychopath that is terrorizing Miami, and some more insight into what makes Dexter tick, I am totally hooked on this fictional character.
4401 "Scary Movie" parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as "Scream", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "The Sixth Sense", and "The Blair Witch Project" will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves. This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
4402 This is a delightful, breezy, romantic comedy. Bette Davis plays the part of Linda GIlman, a sophisticated and successful magazine editor. Robert Montgomery plays the part of her love interest, Carey Jackson, a foreign correspondent out of a job, who has been assigned to work with her. Having previously been romantically involved, they must now work together. They travel to Indiana with their entourage where they will do a story on a June bride, having picked a middle class, average, small town family upon which to focus. While there, they get involved in the family's affairs, with a few delightful, though predictable, twists and turns. While getting to know the family, they make some personal discoveries about their own lives. It seems that embers of their own long ago romance, have merely laid dormant. With the flames being fanned, it looks like there may be more than one June bride. Bette Davis is very soignee as Ms. Gilman, and Robert Montgomery provides a light hearted touch as the cavalier Mr. Jackson. Both contribute some comedic deftness, as does the supporting cast, to make this an entertaining film. The only wrong note struck during the entire film is in the last scene. It was almost embarrassing. I thought about deducting one star because of it, but then decided against it, as it was just reflective of the era in which the film was made. Actually, the whole movie was reflective of the era in which it was made, but that last scene was just too sexist for words. When you see it, you will know what I mean. Fans of Bette Davis will surely enjoy this movie, as will those who love classic films.
4403 This is a beautifully written book, highly descriptive and wonderfully nuanced. It revolves around a Georgian manor called Hundreds Hall in rural England. The manor has been inhabited by the Ayres family for over two centuries but is now in decline. After World War I, Hundreds Hall was fully staffed, the Ayres family was still wealthy, and class distinctions were still in effect.  Shortly after World War II, where most of this novel takes place, Hundreds Hall is in decline, as is the Ayres family, who are barely able to keep up appearances. Gone is the staff, and the family, mother, son, and daughter,  live in penurious splendor, hanging on as best they can.  Moreover, the gentry is no longer a force with which to be reckoned, as class distinctions are swiftly eroding. No one knows this better than Dr. Faraday, whose mother was once a maid at Hundreds Hall. Now, he is called to tend to the family. In doing so, he finds himself drawn in into something that defies reason.  This book does call to mind Henry James and The Turning of the Screw, as there are similarities. The author, however, succeeds in making this genre  her own. Her narrative is rich and evocative, chilling the reader as the house seems to take on a life of its own. What  happens is mind boggling, but so wonderfully told that it  captivates the reader, who will find it positively spooky and creepy, indeed. My only criticism is the seeming lack of a satisfying resolution at the end.
4404 Newsweek, as is its prime competitor, Time, is a glossy, weekly news magazine that covers national and global new events. It also covers business, education, art, entertainment, and current newsmakers. Its coverage is snappy and timely, with well written articles and essays, though dubiously objective, as the magazine has a distinctly liberal bent. It is this slant that distinguishes it from Time. The articles have as much depth as may be expected from a news magazine with a broad agenda and are well illustrated with photographs. As a subscriber, I look forward to receiving each weekly issue. Newsweek, as does Time, also publishes topical specialty issues throughout the year that provide more depth of coverage in a specific area.
4405 A friend of mine recommended this book, thinking that I would enjoy it as it was both a mystery and a vampire story. Although it was an odd melding of genres, I have enjoyed the Anita Blake, vampire hunter, series of books by Laurell Hamilton, so I thought I would give the book a try. As it was by an author with whom I was unfamiliar, I admit that I was prepared to be disappointed. Instead, this plot driven book, peppered with intriguing characters, moved along at a brisk pace, and I found myself reading a book that I simply could not put down!  Frank De Nardo, a former NYPD homicide detective, is now a private investigator in New York City.  When he is approached by the father of a well-known author to investigate his daughter's mysterious  disappearance, De Nardo unknowingly takes on a missing person's case that could have life or death consequences for him. Drawn into the shadowy netherworld of a seemingly shady, yet powerful character named Dracol, De Nardo finds himself becoming embroiled in a bizarre world that he never knew existed. As the body count mounts, the only question is who will come out on top, Dracol or De Nardo?  Those who enjoy mysteries, police procedurals, or simply vampire novels, should enjoy this fast-paced, plot driven book.
4406 This is a well-researched, well-written book that devotees of the true crime genre will enjoy. The author, Jerry Bledsoe, is right up there with the other true crime greats, Jack Olsen and Ann Rule. The book, which contains eight pages of photographs, reveals an astounding tapestry of deceit, lies, and greed, all of which led to a cold blooded murder of a husband by his seemingly devoted wife. Barbara Stager was a middle-aged woman with expensive tastes. Unfortunately, she and her husband Russ, a high school coach, did not earn the kind of money that could pay for the finer things in life. She needed money. He was insured. So, this church going, ostensibly devoted wife and mother, shot her husband while he slept, claiming that it was an accident. Funny thing, almost the same thing had happened to her first husband, who had died in bed of a gunshot wound, when a gun she claimed he was handling went off accidentally. The investigation following the death of her second husband revealed a web of lies and a private woman far different from her public image. Barbara Stagers was a woman given to sexual licentiousness, excess spending, thievery, and compulsive lying. The investigation of the murder of Russ Stager led the police to believe that the death of her first husband, Larry Ford, a death that had originally been classified as accidental, was also almost certainly murder. The scary thing is that she almost got away with it a second time. This book is a fascinating look at a real life, black widow.
4407 Ever since reading Corrie ten Boom's book, "The Hiding Place", I have been an admirer of the ten Boom family for their work with the resistance during World War 2. So, I was interested in seeing this documentary about Corrie ten Boom, the only one of her immediate family to have survived the war. I was not disappointed. This is a fascinating look at her life, her family, her work, and her faith. It is wonderfully narrated and many personal photos, archival film footage, and even clips of Corrie ten Boom speaking are seamlessly interspersed throughout.  While there is a certain amount of Corrie ten Boom's Christian ideology included in the documentary, that is to be expected, as that is what made her who she was and that is what sustained her during her darkest hours. It is also what motivated her to help countless others not of her faith at great cost to herself and her loved ones. I, myself, am not a religious person, but I have nothing but respect for someone who holds such deep rooted beliefs and then  translates those beliefs in such a positive way. This documentary certainly shows that good can triumph over evil.  Those who read "The Hiding Place"  and/or saw the film of the same name  and fell in love with the ten Boom family will certainly relish this documentary, as it lovingly  takes the viewer  through her life, the family home where the real "hiding place" was, and the beliefs that made her a beacon of light to those whom she helped in their hour of greatest need. This is a wonderful documentary and fitting tribute to a woman and family whose goodness is simply transcendent.
4408 Having had the Beach Boys "Live in London" recording as an LP in the nineteen seventies and loved it, I was delighted to see it available on CD and bought it to replace my now obsolete vinyl. The plus is that the CD includes the tracks from the Beach Boys first album to go number one, "Concert" (1964), in addition to the tracks from their live shows in London, circa 1968. The CD also two bonus tracks and a comprehensive liner.   This is a great CD. Listening to it makes one understand why the Beach Boys remain one of the most popular American groups of all time. It also contains my favorite song by them, "Darlin'", which I believe to be one of the best songs written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love. It is also the song that jump starts their "Live in London" segment of the CD.   Not all of the songs on this CD were written by the Beach Boys, but that does not detract from the quality. On the contrary, it is great to hear the Beach Boys with their signature sound, interpreting such classics as the Freshmen's "Graduation Day" and Dion's "The Wanderer."   If one could have only one Beach Boys CD, this would be it!
4409 This is an incredibly chilling and well crafted holocaust story. Twenty, very wealthy, Jewish American men have been rounded up. They are ostensibly being held in anticipation of their exchange for German prisoners of war held by the American government. The supposed terms for them, however, include the proviso that they must pay for their expenses while they are guests of the Gestapo. They must pay for all expenses necessary for their repatriation. The Americans agree. They choose to believe that this will be done, despite evidence to the contrary. Their need for self-deception is very high, as the alternative is unthinkable.  Katerina has joined them, after one of the Americans took pity on her and paid the Germans to include her in their package deal. She, too, is hopeful and patient, watching, waiting...until that one moment when all becomes unmistakably clear, and hope is wrenched from the depths of her innocence. It is then that Katerina is quiet no longer. She chooses a requiem of her own devise.  This is a stunning novel in which the experience of the author, who himself spent time in various death camps during World War II, manifests itself in the book in the form of a mood so chilling and diabolical, as to make the reader take pause and wonder at man's inhumanity to man.
4410 This book does not deal the reader a full hand. It tantalizes and teases the reader into thinking that there is something of substance, ultimately failing to deliver anything other than a somewhat disjointed memoir that has difficulty holding the reader's interest.  The author's family is an interesting one, so it comes as a surprise that she deals with them in so pedantic a fashion. Her father is a bestselling author and her two older siblings, Howard Lederer and Annie Duke, are high stakes poker players of renown.  The author's family had its roots in academia, while she was growing up. Her father was an English teacher in an expensive boarding school on the East Coast. Her mother was an intelligent woman who was troubled by  alcoholism, which was to have an affect on the marriage and family. By the time the inevitable split occurred between the author's parents, each member of the family seemed to have gone his or her own way. There was a disconnect among its members. The only unifying factor seemed to be a love of words and games.  It is unclear from the book as to why such a family, grounded in intellectual pursuits, should digress from the path that it seemed set upon and turn out as they did. The book is difficult to follow at times, as the author herself seems unsure what path to take, not only in her own personal life, but in terms of writing this book. What should have been an interesting sojourn, as the author seems to have a good deal of material with which to work, turned out simply to be a total bore.
4411 This biography of Patsy Cline captures much of the feeling of the era in which its subject lived and grew up, as well as the state of the music industry of the time. The book has a more difficult time capturing the essence of its subject, Patsy Cline, the hard living, hard loving, country diva who would become known as one of the most emotive voices in the history of country music. In her too short career, cut prematurely in a plane crash, she managed to put together a notable roster of musical hits and was a crossover sensation, with hits in both the country and pop charts of the time.  The book is chock full of information, much of it interesting, if one is interested primarily in the music that Ms. Cline sang. One comes away from reading this book with a good appreciation of the music industry of the time and a great deal of information about the songs that were to propel Ms. Cline to stardom, as it is exceedingly well-researched.  As to the subject of this biography, the author has done little more than string together many quotes from those who knew Ms. Cline, with little or no analysis or insight in the mix. The author has also included some of Ms. Cline's personal correspondence. These reminiscences, while interesting, are sometimes repetitive, and the book could have benefited by more artful editing and better writing. Still, a portrait of the struggling artist with too little money and too many men emerges from the pages of this book. Die hard fans of Ms. Cline will gain some enjoyment from reading this book.
4412 When a young woman awoke to utter darkness, she had not a clue as to where she was or who she was. With the aid of a pocket flashlight, she quickly realized that she was on some cellar steps and that she was not alone. At the foot of the steps was the body of another woman who appeared to have been shot in the head.  The young woman immediately left the cellar, not knowing where she was going and fearful for her life. By a most fortuitous circumstance, she runs into Miss Maud Silver, a retired governess turned private enquiry agent. For this young woman, this would turn out to be her first real bit of luck. Little did she know that she would very soon need the services of Miss Silver.  While this is not the strongest book in the Miss Silver series of mysteries, it is the last book in the series. Therefore, fans of Miss Silver will most certainly want to read it and will derive a modicum of enjoyment from it.
4413 This is a book that all cop buffs will love. It is a series of war stories and observations garnered from the author's twenty-two year career with the New York City Police Department (NYPD). Told in a voice that rings true, this no-holds barred, straightforward account of life in the NYPD from 1968 to 1990, a time of turbulence and changing policing philosophies, will grip the reader. The author lays it all out for the reader in an engaging manner-the good, the bad, and the ugly-keeping the reader turning the pages until the very last.
4414 This is the first book I have ever read by this author, and it will not be the last. I really enjoyed this book, as it worked successfully on many levels.  Moreover, it was surprisingly well-written.  It is a book that crosses many genres: mystery, suspense, historical fiction, and time travel. These are all genres that I enjoy reading, so it immediately caught my attention. It even has a dollop of romance for those who enjoy that genre, as well.  When the shy and plump Grace St. John, a translator of ancient languages, is confronted with an earth shattering scenario that defies her imagination and rocks her world, life for her will never again be the same. Fleeing those who wish to do her harm and seeking to unravel the mystery contained in some ancient documents in her possession having to do with the Knights Templar, Grace will undergo some profound life changes. As Grace continues her translation of the documents while on the run, a portrait of an esteemed fourteenth century warrior of the Knights Templar, Niall of Scotland, emerges, and past and present begin to merge.  Grace soon realizes that only through the past, can her present ever be righted.  This is a book that is chock full of adventure, as well as many intriguing twists and turns. Replete with historical detail, as well as a great plot, this is a book that will certainly capture the reader's imagination. It certainly captured mine, and I was riveted to its pages until the very end. This is a wonderfully entertaining book by a masterful storyteller.
4415 This is an overproduced album, in which much of the music tends to muffle the greatest instrument on this album, Clay Aiken's voice. Clay  certainly has one of the best voices in show business today, something that his producers have neglected to recognize. Instead, they have chosen to have Clay's powerful voice take a back seat to all of the musical production bells and whistles at their disposal. When will they realize that this guy can really sing and that the public really wants to hear his voice? While there are some decent songs on this album, such as the  terrific "This is the Night", the Christian pop inspired "Measure of a Man", and the ubiquitous "Invisible", most of the songs are rather bland and eminently forgettable. With time, they, too, will become invisible. Moreover,  I can't believe that the producers did not include "Bridge Over troubled Water" on this cd, though it was included on the much more expensive, thirteen track, international release. My daughter made me a cd compiled from the songs Clay Aiken sang on "American Idol" in his quest for the gold. That cd is so much better than this cd. You can really just be carried away by Clay's voice, which has the ability to give the listener goose bumps, as he is that good. I only hope that as Clay settles into his career, he will wrest control of his career and release an album of top quality music with his voice as it should be heard, unfettered and in control of the music, rather than the music being in control. I hope this with all my heart, as he is truly one of the great talents of today.
4416 This series is a welcome addition to the cozy mystery genre with the added twist of a paranormal element. It revolves around a divorcee, Alison Kerby, and her young daughter, Melissa, who have returned to Alison's home town of Harbor Haven on the Jersey shore. There, Alison has bought a fixer upper that she has renovated and turned into a guest house. Alison and her daughter live there, along with two ghosts, the previous owner, Maxie, and Paul, a private investigator, whom Maxie had hired shortly before their deaths.  This book is the second in the series, and it does not disappoint. It picks up right where the first book left off. The guest house is now open for business, and Alison has reached a dtente with Maxie and Paul, so that they can all live happily ever after in the house. In exchange for some ghostly sightings, so that Alison can thrill her guests, she has gotten her private investigator's license at Paul's request, so that she can assist him on cases, never thinking she would need to use it. After all, who would hire a dead gumshoe? Well, be prepared to be surprised.  This book is simply hilarious at times with some engaging, quirky characters, and a wacky, intriguing plot with no shortage of potential suspects.  Although the ending is a bit of a muddled mess, the book is still highly entertaining with a bit of social satire thrown in for good measure. This is a fast paced must read for fans of the cozy genre series.
4417 This lovely novel is the coming of age story of Jane Ward, a young woman at the end of the nineteenth century. It details her loves, her hopes, dreams, and disappointments throughout her life. It is a story of a fairly affluent life told against the backdrop of a bygone era with different social mores and values. Even then, however, changes abounded, as the twentieth century brought profound social changes that would impact on Jane's life.  As her life unfolds, the reader discovers that Jane's inner life is similar to those of many people even today and that many of the decisions that Jane makes, no matter how small, often have the power to shape the lives of others. It is sometimes the small gestures, rather than the grand ones, that may have lasting impact.  This is a somewhat slow moving, well-written novel that won the 1931 Pulitzer Prize. I confess that while I enjoyed the book, I was a bit surprised that it had been the recipient of this award. Those who enjoy well-written family sagas, however, and want a glimpse into a bygone era in America, will certainly enjoy this book.
4418 Artist Julian Schnabel in his directorial debut captures the essence of the avant garde art world of the late nineteen seventies through the eighties. His screenplay focuses on Jean- Michel Basquiat, a street person who started his career as an artist known for his memorable graffiti. Basquiat later catapulted to fame as the first African American artist to break out into the lily white New York art world, becoming pals with the likes of Andy Warhol. His struggle for acceptance and his inner demons ultimately proved to be too much for him, however, and at twenty eight, the world of Basquiat came to a stunning conclusion from an overdose of heroin.  The role of Basquiat is deliciously and memorably played by Jeffrey Wright who portrays Basquiat as a fey sort of soul. His stunning portrayal of the artist is neatly counterbalanced by the earthy performance of a young Benicio Del Toro who plays Basquiat's friend. David Bowie is perfectly cast as an other worldly Andy Warhol. Dennis Hopper and Courtney Love also give compelling performances, as does Gary Oldham.  This is a quirky, surprisingly good film in the best indie tradition. It is quintessential New York in feel. Native New Yorkers will know what I mean. Others will simply have to take my word for it. Like the city, the film has something for everyone.
4419 This is a beautifully written novel about a happily married woman, Kathryn Lyons, whose husband, Jack, is an airlines pilot. They have a teenage daughter named Mattie. They live in her lovely childhood home in Ely, New Hampshire. For sixteen years life has been good. Then her husband goes down with his plane, just ten miles off the coast of Ireland, and ever so slowly the very fabric of their life together unravels.  The media frenzy surrounding the explosion of the plane that her husband was piloting, brings to light the plain fact that her husband had been, unbeknownst to her, leading a double life, a life that had not included her or their daughter, but had, most emphatically, excluded them. This is a story of Kathryn's navigation of the emotional roller coaster that was to become her life, as she is thrust into a maelstrom of grief and disbelief, as she struggles to reconcile her memory of the man she thought she knew, with the reality of who he now appeared to have been.  This is a remarkable book, written in clean spare prose, that underscores some of the very emotion laden issues with which it grapples. At times infinitely sad and poignant, it is a story of betrayal and splintered memories. A very absorbing, skillfully told tale of adultery that will hold the reader in its thrall.
4420 This is the story about the 1996 Everest tragedy told from the perspective of Anatoli Boukreev, who was one of the guides on the ill-fated Mountain Madness expedition led by Scott Fischer. It is written almost as a rebuttal to the perceived criticism by Jon Krakauer, author of "Into Thin Air", of Boukreev's actions on that ill-fated Everest climb.  This is a poorly written account, which is oftentimes confusing. It has none of the clarity of prose found in Krakauer's "Into Thin Air". It is, however, an important chronicle from someone who was there on Everest, and who had a pivotal role in the tragic events. Boukreev provides an insider's view of the Mountain Madness expedition itself and of the preparations which go into such a journey. It is packed with many interesting details which will delight Everest junkies.  Whether Boukreev's actions on the mountain were irresponsible, in that he did not use supplementary oxygen to summit and immediately returned to camp after summitting, rather than remain with the expedition's clients, or whether he was just following the orders of the expedition leader, Scott Fisher, who himself died on Everest, is an issue which will long be debated in mountaineering circles. There is no doubt, however, that Boukreev did, in fact, single handedly rescue three of the climbers during a raging blizzard; climbers who without his intervention would have died. Given the extreme weather conditions, his foray up the mountain to rescue climbers is nothing less than heroic.  Boukreev's is an important voice in the Everest annals, more so now that his voice has been silenced. On Christmas day, 1997, Boukreev died in an avalanche on Annapurna. RIP.
4421 Written over sixty years ago, time has not diminished the capacity of this book to capture the  reader's heart. This coming of age story that takes place in turn of the century Brooklyn will simply enthrall the reader with its descriptive passages and its richly developed characters. This book survives the passage of time without becoming anachronistic, because the themes upon which it touches are universal ones.  The story centers on the Nolan family. The central character is the daughter, Mary Frances Nolan. Known as "Francie" to all and sundry, she is an intelligent child growing up in poverty in the tenements of Brooklyn with her charming father, a singing waiter and an alcoholic, her hard-working and practical, no-nonsense mother, and her younger brother, who enjoys favored son status in his mother's heart. Surrounding the family are a host of characters that are richly drawn and serve to add to the ambiance of the story as it enfolds.  The events that transpire in the book are seen through Francie's eyes. Her family's struggle with poverty, her father's alcoholism, her mother's steely-eyed determination to keep her family afloat, and Francie's thirst for knowledge and desire for higher education all serve to make this child strong and thrive, where others might only despair. Such is Francie's strength of character. It is that strength that helps her to battle her self-doubts, her loneliness, and lack of friends, while growing up.  This is a beautifully rendered story, a true American classic that will keep the reader turning its pages.
4422 Although not one of Matheson's best efforts, it nevertheless makes for a page turning, good read. Written nearly half a century ago, the book still has a contemporary feel to it. There are just a few issues which remind one how long ago it was written. Its central themes, however, are as fresh today, as when the book was first published.  The main character in the book is Tom Wallace, a working stiff with a house and family, who goes to a local gathering of friends and family. There he allows himself to be hypnotized by a relative who is an amateur hypnotist. A doubting Thomas, he agrees to undergo hypnosis in the belief that he would not be susceptible to it. Much to his chagrin and the amusement of others, he is, indeed, put under. Shortly after coming out of his trance, he finds that life, as he knew it, had irrevocably changed.  What he had thought was a cheap parlor trick, turned out to be the catalyst that changed his immediate reality. His existence began to be punctuated by visions, telepathic intrusions, psychic impressions, and other paranormal experiences. The effect that this has on him, his life, and those whom he loves is what gives the book its substance.  It is this altered reality, however, that makes his new life more meaningful than the one he had been leading prior to his being hypnotized. The book barrels on to a climactic ending, as events from the past intrude on the present, demanding a resolution. The realization that things or people are not always what they seem are brought home here with great impact.
4423 For those readers who were introduced to the character of Repairman Jack in the author's novel, "The Tomb", this is the second book in the Repairman Jack series of books. For the uninitiated, Repairman Jack is not an appliance repairman. He is simply an intriguing character who fixes situations for other people. Naturally, his is a cash only business.  When Dr. Alicia Clayton runs into a personal situation that has flummoxed her, she turns to Repairman Jack for assistance. Dr. Clayton has just inherited a house from her father, a man whom she loathed. Her half-brother is contesting the will, and for some reason he will stop at nothing to get the house. The problem is that the people she hires to battle her brother end up getting killed. Just why does her brother want this house so badly? Moreover, why does Alicia not want to even sell the house to her brother? Well, therein lies the tale.  The way the story unravels keeps the reader turning the pages, wanting to know what is the secret that the house holds that has everyone pulling out all the stops to get at it.  It is a gripping, entertaining read that is pretty much totally plot driven, as there is little character development. Still, it is an intriguing story in the telling, though the end is a bit anticlimactic and somewhat of a letdown. Fans of the author, as well as fans of Repairman Jack, will enjoy this book.
4424 When renowned actress, Adriana Ford, visits Maud Silver, a private enquiry agent, seeking advice, she unburdens herself of some suspicions that someone is trying to kill her. Feeling renewed by her visit with Ms. Silver and the advice that she gave her,  Ms. Ford decides to throw a party at her country house, where she lives with an eclectic group of relatives, friends, and aides. All goes swimmingly, until a most unfortunate incident transpires only to discover that it was no accident. It was murder.  Those who enjoy cozy mysteries  will enjoy this one. As with most cozy mysteries, one may very well discern who the actual killer is, but it is the journey there that is enjoyable. This is a well-written English manor house cozy mystery with an iconic character, that of Ms. Silver. Though she plays a relatively small role in this book, her presence is felt throughout. It is a book than fans of the cozy mystery genre will enjoy.
4425 This is a moderately entertaining, low budget film starring a young and lovely Joan Collins. She plays  the part of a real estate agent who inveigles people to visit an island by offering them a free cruise. Once there, she tries to get them to buy property on the island, which is to be developed into a luxurious habitat for the well heeled. Unfortunately for her, it turnes out that the island is populated by giant, carnivorous ants, who display an uncanny intelligence and seem to thwart their human interlopers. Before one knows it, people start disappearing, and those left find themselves on the run. While the special effects are typical of a B movie, the film is better than one would think and deserving of a look, if one is fond of this genre.
4426 Georgina Grey has lived with her wealthy, mercurial  uncle, Jonathan Field, since she was a toddler, when her parents died. She is his heiress apparent, until a long lost relative, Mirrie Field comes to stay and spoils the applecart. Suddenly, it looks like Uncle Jonathan may be changing his will.  When Jonathan Field is found murdered in his study, Georgina becomes the number one suspect.  She calls upon Miss Silver, a retired governess turned private enquiry agent, to assist her in her hour of need. So, Miss Silver undertakes the request and goes to stay with Miss Grey in the house where the murder occurred, and where, apparently, there is no dearth of suspects and motives.  Miss Silver is an intriguing sleuth with a mind like a steel trap and a most discerning understanding of human nature. This is certainly a well-written book with an intricate plot and quirky characters. Those who like English country house mysteries will, no doubt, enjoy this one.
4427 This is a quick, easy read of a provocative and timely topic, considering that baby boomers are aging rapidly. It is unfortunate, however, that the reader does not get to know much about the author or her alleged psychic gift. This has the effect of creating somewhat of a credibility gap between the reader and the author, making what the author has to say not particularly believable. Perhaps, if the author had given more information about herself and her gift, the accounts that she gives would ring more true. This would have made the book more effective. As it stands, the book, although somewhat thought provoking at times, lacks depth, and fails to fully capture the reader.
4428 Filmed in 1937, time has not diminished the ability of this film to charm the viewer. I first saw it as a child, then again with my own children. We all loved it. Seeing it again, I was not disappointed. I still love this movie!  Shirley Temple is perfection in the role of Heidi, the little eight year old orphan who is taken by her cruel aunt to live in the Alps with a grandfather she has never met. Her grandfather, who has a fearsome reputation with the local villagers, lives in isolation in a primitive hut in the mountains. When Heidi is unceremoniously left on his doorstep, he takes her in most reluctantly, as she is the daughter of his deceased son, Tobias, from whom he was estranged.  Heidi works her magic, and soon enough her grandfather finds himself a changed man, rejoining the community he had once rejected. Her scheming aunt, however, returns and surreptitiously steals Heidi away from the grandfather she loves and who has come to love her. Taking her to Frankfort, she leaves her with a wealthy family as companion to a seemingly disabled child. Once again, Heidi works her magic, but runs afoul of the scheming governess, who has plans of her own. Therein lies the tale.  The entire cast is wonderful, but it is Shirley Temple as Heidi who dominates. There has never been a child actor with the star quality exuded by Shirley Temple. With her golden curls, dimples, charismatic personality, and talent, she instantaneously charms the viewer. She can make one laugh or move one to tears in the blink of an eye. All this is evident in this wonderful family film, which is based on a well known children's book.
4429 This is a superb melodrama about a young man, Paul Boray, from the wrong side of the tracks, who plays a mean violin, and the unhappily married society matron, Helen Wright, who becomes his patron and then his lover. John Garfield is well cast as Paul Boray, the ambitious violinist. Joan Crawford does a star turn as the glamorous and beautiful patron of the arts, who underwrites Boray's big break and ends up falling passionately in love with him. Theirs is a turbulent relationship. He is  singularly devoted to his music, and she is an alcoholic, plagued by self-doubt. They are star crossed lovers whose romance is destined to end tragically. The film has a magnificent musical score courtesy of violinist virtuoso Isaac Stern. Pianist Oscar Levant is a double threat in this movie, as he, too, does a star turn as Boray's best friend, acting as a comedic foil. He also dazzles on the ivories, playing away so that the viewer wonders why he, too, does not have some society dame underwriting a show for him, such is his talent. All in all, a well cast and well acted film. Fans of Joan Crawford and all those with an appreciation of classical music will especially enjoy this well made film.
4430 This is a great little unisex sling bag, roomy and practical. I personally like to carry the bag in front, but it can be carried on one's back, as well. The inside of the bag is fully lined and has a number of compartments. There is a compartment that is suitable for carrying one's kindle or iPad. There is also an interior zippered compartment, suitable for small items such as one's keys. In addition, there is a pocket type sleeve and 4 slots for credit cards. Of course, the main compartment has plenty of room for many other items.  The outside of the bag has two zippered compartments in the front, each suitable for small items. One might want to choose to put one's phone in the top compartment, as it has a grommet through which one can run one's headphone or ear buds through. All the outside zippers have leather zipper pulls. The sling is lightly padded for comfort, and it's length is adjustable. It hooks onto a right or left d-ring, depending upon one's preference. All in all, this looks to be a sturdy little bag, which I received from the seller in exchange for an honest review.
4431 This is a wonderfully inventive story that has spawned three films. Well written, the book tells the tale of a small town through the eyes of its young doctor, Miles Bennell. It seems the town is undergoing a drastic change which is as subtle as it is deadly. It seems that all the townspeople are not what they seem. They look the same. They sound the same. Their memories are intact. Still, they are just not the same.  Those who have noticed this, suddenly end up retracting their concerns days later. Something is not right in the town of Mills Valley, and Dr, Bennell knows it. Those large seed pods that are suddenly showing up every where are at the root of it. Their unearthly presence is connected to the profound changes that the people of Mills Valley are undergoing, and Dr. Bennell will stop at nothing to save his beloved town and the world from the invasion of the body snatchers.  This is a great story by a wonderfully inventive writer. Jack Finney is a masterful story teller. He expertly weaves a tale that will keep the reader riveted to the pages of this book. It is no wonder that four films based upon this book have been made, "The Invasion of the Body Snatchers" (1956), The Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1978), Body Snatchers (1994), and The Invasion (2007). All four are worth watching, although some are better than others.
4432 This is a creepy little book, which relies more on suspense and the author's ability to make the banal seem horrific. The author eschews resorting to his usual bag of tricks and relies simply on pretty straightforward storytelling.  The result is an absorbing story that is hardly the stuff of nightmares.  The focus is on a group of UCLA College students who decide to let loose and attend a festival in a fairly rural area. Shortly after they arrive, Joan, one of their numbers, disappears. When they return to UCLA and make their report to the police, they discover that UCLA has no record of Joan ever having enrolled at the university. Moreover, her roommate has also disappeared, as have Joan's parents.  Then, a clue, warning about Outsiders, surfaces, and strange looking folk dressed in peculiar, homemade clothing begin being sighted on campus, and when they do, trouble lies ahead. Yet, Joan's distraught boyfriend is determined to follow any clue, no matter where it may lead and no matter what evil lies ahead.  Although die hard fans of the author may be surprised at the lack of in-your-face horror in this book, most will still enjoy the story that the author skillfully weaves.
4433 I have to admit that I am in complete agreement with Judge Judy. She is a tough talking, no nonsense, commom sense oriented individual, who believes in personal responsibility and acountability. What you see on the television screen, if you watch her show "Judge Judy", is what you find between the cover of this book.  The book covers a variety of social issues in the context of her legal and judicial experience, and she does a full court press in giving her opinions. Not given to judicial restraint, she speaks out on those issues to which her nearly quarter of a century experience as a judge has entitled her. I only wish that she were running for public office. She would certainly have my vote.  The only issue that I take with the book is that it is really not a cohesive entity. It is a somewhat disjointed collection of essays or opinions on various social issues that repeatedly came up during her years on the bench. There is no attempt to put them together into a broader context, so that one segues into the next. This is the one shortcoming of the book. Nonetheless, it is still an interesting read.
4434 This is really just a compiliation of columns the author has written and previously published with some updates. There are vignettes on both candidates, but more of them are on Hilary Clinton and far less on Donald Trump.  Moreover, the chapters on Hilary Clinton are particularly viscious, while Donald Trump seems to get a pass and a pat on the head. Still, despite this, the columns are well-written and make a point, though I found the uneven-handedness of the pieces to be surprising and disconcerting. Nonetheless, I enjoyed reading them, though taken aback by their tenor.
4435 This is a gem of a film, starring the underrated Piper Laurie in the role of a well to do, but lonely, business woman, Mary Horton, who befriends a very nice, good looking day laborer, Tim Melville, earnestly played by a very young Mel Gibson. Tim happens to be a little simple. His family describes him as being "a few short of a full quid".  While Tim does work around her house, she gets to know him, as well as his working class family. As time goes on, a deep fondness that ripens into love develops between the two. Tim brings Mary out of her shell, and she teaches him to read and explains concepts that will enable him to function better in the world around him. Based upon Colleen McCollough's book of the same name, this is a very well acted film, with fine performances by the supporting cast, as well as the leads.  The quality of the DVD is bargain basement with no additional features. That is to be expected, as the price of this DVD is likewise bargain basement. One gets what one pays for. Moreover, the DVD picture is best described as grainy. This is unfortunate for such an excellent film. A better transfer from print to DVD should have been executed, as this film certainly merits it, as does the viewer.
4436 This book tells the story of Ellen Boehm, a St. Louis, Missouri divorced mother of three, who, within a two year time frame, cold-bloodedly snuffed out the life of her two little boys and botched an attempt on the life of her daughter. The demise of these two otherwise healthy children, who were alleged to have simply stopped breathing, left medical doctors puzzled as to the cause of their deaths.  Unfortunately for Ellen, she was unable to exhibit any of the usual sign of grief, and her demeanor struck many of those who knew her as odd. Yet, there was no tangible forensic evidence linking her to the deaths of her children. Still, there was one person who was convinced of her guilt, a St. Louis homicide detective who began looking into the matter and made certain startling discoveries. Like a dog with a bone, he was not about to close out the case without bringing Ellen Boehm to justice.  The book details Ellen's life and the events that led to her cool commission of the crimes, as well as her eventual apprehension for the murders. It also includes eight pages of black and white photographs. The book itself is not particularly well-written and contains little depth or analysis. Still, the story is sufficiently compelling that it will appeal to those who have an appreciation for the true crime genre.
4437 I received this lightweight and comfortable fanny pack from the seller in exchange for an honest review. It is an attractive army green with bold  lime green accents.  It is amply sized and quite roomy. In fact, I was surprised at how spacious it is.  The bag has a large front zippered compartment that has an interior clip  to hook on one's keys. It is large enough to carry one's phone, if one so chooses. There is a zippered main compartment that is large enough to to hold a water bottle, as well as various other sundry items. The main compartment also has a mesh compartment pocket. The back of the bag also has a fair sized, zippered compartment for additional items. So, there is plenty of room to carry just about anything one would want, when using a fanny pack.  The bag appears to be sturdily constructed of waterproof nylon. It is well stitched with no loose threads, and the plastic and metal hardware all seems durable.  All the zippers have matching zipper pulls. The belt is adjustable and can fit a fairly ample waistline. The closure at the waist is a spring action one and is made of a hard plastic. I love using this fanny pack, when I go for long walks!
4438 This book is a memoir that encapsulates the lifetime experiences that came to a head for one brief, shining moment on January 15, 2006. It is a moment the world will never forget, as it is one of the greatest feats in aviation history. Captain Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III successfully maneuvered US Airways Flight 1549 onto the Hudson River, after a flock of Canadian Geese flew into the plane, killing both engines, shortly after takeoff from La Guardia airport in New York City. The Captain, together with his First Officer, Jeffrey Skiles, managed to remained cool, calm, and collected in the face of adversity. Together, with the aid of the flight attendants, they managed to save all 155 passengers on board that ill-fated flight. Theirs  is a profile in courage.  The book is an easy, breezy read, told in an almost avuncular tone. Sully stresses all the hard work, training, and experience of a lifetime that went into making those split second decisions that averted disaster. This is definitely a man who takes flying seriously and is passionate about it. He is also self-effacing and generous in sharing the credit with his outstanding crew  for that amazing save. It is people like him and his crew that make America great. Unfortunately, the buffoon we currently have in the White House, with his lying, ignorance, and corruption, is a canker on the soul of America. It will take a lot of Sullys to make America great again.
4439 I totally loved this book! If one is a foodie, a gourmand, or lover of memoirs, one will thoroughly enjoy this rollicking, insider's account of the restaurant industry and how the author ended up as a highly respected chef who is a passionate about food.  This is a well-written, thoroughly enjoyable and informative book, replete with self-deprecating humor and any number of quirky and crude characters that can be found in the belly of the beast known as the restaurant industry. It is an eye-opening and engrossing book that will keep the reader riveted until the very last page is turned.
4440 While this is a lush and beautiful period piece, the problem with it is that it is somewhat dull. Despite stellar performances by John Malkovich, Barbara Hershey, and the supporting cast, the main star, Nicole Kidman, is out of her league, though she is a luminous beauty and has some acting ability. The problem is that her performance lacks the presence or depth necessary to make this a truly interesting film. She just is not good enough an actress to be able to carry the storyline and engage the viewer. It is unfortunate, as the film is an otherwise good adaptation of Henry James' novel of the same name.
4441 This is a terrific book which draws you into David Breashears' world. You follow his development from young rock climber to world class mountaineer and filmmaker. You also see his development as a person, all while drawing you into that exclusive club of mountaineers. He makes you feel his passion for the mountains he so loves. You learn how he combined that passion with the art of cinematography, making him an award winning filmmaker.  You live through the 1996 tragedy on Everest with him, and feel the compassion that he has for those who died on the mountain under such tragic circumstances. The narrative is always compelling and informative, making the book a hard one to put down. His compassion and sensitivity towards those who did not fare well on the ill-fated 1996 Everest climb is palpable, and for his assistance to those who needed it, even though it put him and his expedition in jeopardy, he is truly an unsung hero. This is, without a doubt, a man who leads by example.  David Breashears writes beautifully of his experiences and his book is a must read for all climbing enthusiasts, as well as for those simply interested in the human condition. This is a book that is simply too good to pass up.
4442 This mystery by Ruth Rendell is one of her earlier efforts. It offers none of the well-drawn psychological portraits for which she would later become known. Instead, she offers the reader a somewhat traditional whodunit sort of mystery with a tightly woven plot that has a few twists and turns. It makes for a quick, easy read.  The plot is simple and direct. It centers around an unhappily married, wealthy couple, the dictatorial Patrick and the put upon Tamsin, who live in a well to do community. When they have an ill-advised celebration in their home to celebrate Tamsin's birthday, Patrick becomes ill after an accident involving some wasps. Lucky for him, there was a doctor in the house. So, Patrick takes to his bed, none the worse for wear, only to never wake up again. His death is later deemed to be of natural causes.  It turns out, however, that many people had reason to dislike Patrick and wish that he were out of the way: his own wife, her lover, the twin brother of his mistress, and a local business man that he was in the process of ruining. When gossip begins to churn in their close knit community, rumor has it that Patrick's death was anything but natural. Who could have done it?  That is for the reader to discover. If one is a fan of mysteries and of Ruth Rendell, one will, undoubtedly, enjoy this breezy little mystery and delight in trying to figure out who might be the killer
4443 I had a black elasticized belt with a front  metal clasp many years ago that I absolutely loved. I wore that belt to death over a number of years. When this  seller offered me a belt, which is very similar to my beloved belt,  in exchange for an impartial review, naturally I accepted. I was not disappointed.  This belt is elasticized, and the silver toned metal clasp closes effortlessly. Best of all, it is a perfect fit. I have a thirty-seven inch waist, and this belt, which I ordered in a large, fits comfortably and looks great. I am super happy with this belt, which is a very attractive accessory, and recommend it without reservation.
4444 First published in 1932, this novel is a hysterically funny, tongue in cheek parody of the heavy handed, gloomy novels of some early twentieth century English writers who had previously been so popular. Tremendously successful when first published, "Cold Comfort Farm" caused quite a stir in its time.  The novel starts out innocuously enough, when well-educated Flora Poste finds herself orphaned at the age of twenty. Discovering that her father was not the wealthy man she believed him to be, she is resigned to the fate of having to live on a hundred pounds a year. Opting to live with relatives, rather than earn her bread, she seeks out a most unlikely set of relations, the odd Starkadder family who live in Howling, Sussex.  Therein begins what is certainly one of the funniest novels ever written. When Flora arrives in Howling, she meets her odd relatives, who live in neglected, ramshackle "Cold Comfort Farm", where they still wash the dishes with twigs, and have cows named Graceless, Pointless, Feckless, and Aimless. Headed by a seventy-nine year old matriarch, Flora's aunt, Ada Doom Starkadder, who has not been right in the head since she "saw something nasty happen in the woodshed" nearly seventy years ago, they are a motley and strange crew indeed. Confronted with their dismal and gloomy existence, Flora sets about trying to put things to right.  Peppered with eccentric, memorable characters, this book will take the reader on a journey not easily forgotten. It is one that is sure to make the reader revisit this novel yet again, like an old friend who is missed too soon.
4445 I read this book when it first came out over twenty years ago and very much enjoyed it. A best seller in its time, I recently came across it on my bookshelf and, remembering how much I had enjoyed it, decided to give it another go-around. Time has not diminished the author's ability to grip the reader with this political thriller, though some of it now seems a little anachronistic. Women are regarded differently now and the cold war has long been an issue of the past.  Of course, the world has changed much since this book was first released. The book basically opens on a world that teeters on the edge of global disaster, as an uneasy cold war peace is threatened by the specter of a nuclear war. A harried president, worn and weary by the fray, suddenly announces that he wishes to take some time off and schedules a trip on Air Force One to an undisclosed location. The plane takes off as scheduled but never reaches its destination.  When the plane is discovered, the mystery only deepens, leaving a weak vice-president to struggle with the pieces of an ever deepening mystery, as well as with a world seemingly on the brink of war. This is a tightly woven tale that those who like a good political thriller will enjoy.
4446 This is a true crime story that was featured on two television shows, 48 Hours and America's Most Wanted. It is a story that rocked the city of Austin, Texas, as it involves the murders of four well-liked teenage girls who were killed in on December 6, 1991 in the yogurt store in which two of them worked.  Bound and gagged, they had been sexually assaulted, and shot. The perpetrators then set fire to the store in hopes of masking their horrific deed.  With no eyewitnesses and little physical evidence to tie the murders to anyone, the case languished for years, unsolved.  It was not until eight years later that the police were able to solve the crime. I must confess, however, that I am not totally convinced of the the guilt of the defendants. It almost sounds as if the detectives assigned to the case fed them their so-called confessions, bit by suggestive bit. Quite frankly, I was appalled by the confessions, as they did seem totally constructed by the police. Moreover, with no physical evidence linking those arrested to the crime, I was more than a little skeptical of those spoon fed confessions. It also sounded as if the author of the book also had reservations.  The book, which promises sixteen shocking photos  and delivers nothing of the kind, is not an exceptional true crime book and, despite its sad story, did not hold my interest all that well. I did not find the writing particularly engaging, though it is clear that the author did a great deal of research in putting together this book. Still, true crime buffs will find it of interest.
4447 This book starts off with a great premise, but ultimately fails in its execution. It pains me to say this, because I am a fan of this author, but I simply did not enjoy it the way I have her other books.  Two teenage brothers went into the woods one day but only one returned. The missing brother was never found. The surviving son was sent then sent out of town by his father. Then suddenly, twenty years later, bones professing to those of the missing brother suddenly begin appearing one by one on his father's porch.  The surviving son finally returns home after twenty years, having been summoned, not by his father, but by the family housekeeper and general factotum.  The surviving son is a former investigator for the army, and he is determined to solve the mystery of his brother's disappearance and find justice.  This is definitely an intriguing story line, but that is about as far as it goes. The characters are neither well-developed nor particularly likeable. The mystery quickly loses steam under stilted and unbelievable dialogue. Reading this book was definitely a hard slog. Most of all, I was disappointed, as this was the first book by this author that I simply did not enjoy.
4448 This is nice, well constructed canvas backpack with faux leather accents, which I received from the seller in exchange for an impartial review. It is suitable for a student. The back is lightly padded for comfort, as are the carrying straps, which are adjustable. The straps are well placed for an even distribution of weight. All exterior zippers have faux leather zipper pulls.  The interior is lined and has a large sleeve suitable for a laptop, with a Velcro closure that secures the laptop in the sleeve. My eleven inch laptop fit comfortably in the sleeve with room to spare. The padded back of the backpack, against which the laptop rests, provides protection. There are two smaller pocket sleeves in the interior, suitable for a smartphone and its accessories. The main  interior compartment is plenty roomy and can carry quite a bit. The front exterior of the bag has a good sized zippered pouch. There is also an exterior pocket on each side of the bag suitable for carrying a water bottle.  The seller inludes a free, non-matching pen/pencil case, which has a cute  little saying emblazoned on a label in the center of the case. Unfortunately, it appears to have been written by someone for whom English is not a first language.
4449 This is an achingly poignant memoir, written with much feeling and angst. The author, who, at the age of eleven, took part in Operation Pedro Pan, which airlifted Cuban children to the United States from the hell that would become known as Castro's Cuba, remembers what it was like to be a child growing up in Cuba. His life would never again be the same.  The author's wistful, lyrical recollections of his life in Havana in pre-1962 Cuba are a birds-eye view into a bygone era and the lives that were dramatically changed by political vicissitudes. Redolent with vivid imagery and palpable longing, this book is a moving tribute to a way of life that has since gone by the wayside. It is a profoundly moving, beautifully written memoir that will linger in the reader's mind long after the last page is turned, as well as a brilliant testament to the deep love that the author still has for the land of his birth.
4450 This is a nice set of utilitarian ceramic knives. This 8 piece set is comprised of 4 knives, each with a different colored handle: blue, yellow, green, and red with sturdy  plastic blade sheaths in matching colors. The ceramic blades on the knives have a white finish. The handles on the knives are comfortable to hold and welI-balanced.  I had no problem cutting or chopping with these knives and detected no tendency to smash, rather than cut cleanly. I hand wash them and would advise one not to put them in the dishwasher to avoid any chance of chipping the blade. Though the knives arrive attractively packaged in a black box, I probably would not give them as a gift simply because the insert from the manufacturer that accompanies the knives is written in such poor English..  I received this set of knives in exchange for an honest review.
4451 For years, American Simon Farrell has been held hostage in Lebanon, while his wife and daughter continue on with their lives. After years of torture, suddenly, he is coming home to a family he hasn't seen in years.  Donald Pick is also coming home. He has childhood memories of mental and physical abuse that he likes to re-enact. He also enjoys killing. Somehow, his path will cross that of Simon Farrell, and their lives will never again be the same.  This is a tautly written, gripping story of psychological terror and suspense. It is a story that will hold the reader's imagination and keep the reader turning the pages.
4452 This is a chronicle of the 1976 American Bicentennial Everest Expedition. It is told by one of the twelve climbers who made that memorable journey to Everest. It describes the expedition, warts and all, as personal ambitions collided with reality. It is a story of hopes and dreams, of despair and anguish, but most of all, it is about twelve human beings from all different walks of life, each of whom made a significant contribution to the ultimate success of the venture.  It was interesting to read about the unusual way in which the expedition came about, as well as how the much sought after permit was ultimately obtained. The name of the expedition  was  crucial in getting necessary sponsors, but how the expedition got its name was also fortuitous. It seemed like everything initially just fell into place.  While actually on expedition, however, the personalities of all the climbers rose to the surface, and there were skirmishes as egos clashed over who would be on the summit teams. The only person who did not appear to get a fair shot at a summit berth was Arlene Blum, who also happened to be one of the two women on the team and one of the few expeditioners with actual Himalayan climbing experience.  Yet, when two members of the expedition reached the summit of  Everest, everyone put aside their dashed hopes and dreams, rejoicing in the success and good fortune of the two who had reached the top of the world.
4453 This is a chronicle of the historic journey made by the 1955 first all female expedition to the Himalayas. It is an amazing adventure for those Betty Crocker days. While it ocassionally reads like a buddy book, its flavor is somewhat anachronistic and reflective of its time. It makes for a very interesting read.  This expedition, a somewhat grandiose term for a group of three women and their Sherpas, endeavored to explore the remote and then uncharted area of Nepal called the Jugal Himal. Their journey and trek through Nepal makes for a travelogue of delightful descriptions and anecdotes.  Unlike many modern day expeditions, these three women exhibited nothing but synchronized teamwork throughout their journey. This was not an ego trip for them. They were motivated by a genuine curiosity of the world in which they lived and an appreciation of the different people and cultures with which they came in contact.  True adventurers, they climbed unexplored ranges and reached the summit of a 22,000 plus peak without supplementary oxygen. They did all this without any casualties. It was very important for this particular expedition to be successful, because there were many nay sayers at the time who would have been only too willing to jump up and shout that women were not fit for such a venture. Thankfully, they were able to prove them wrong. Wonen can climb and lead an expedition!
4454 This is the eighth book in a series of cozy mysteries featuring lovable Highlander, Hamish Macbeth. It is a reprint of a book that was previously published under the title, "Death of a Glutton".  When a dating service elects to have its singles get together in Lochdubh at Tommel Castle, home of the beautiful Pricilla Halburton-Smythe, Constable Macbeth's heartthrob, trouble is a brewing. It just so happens that the mating and dating are not working out as planned by Maria Worth, the director of the dating service.  When Peta Gore, Maria's business partner, unexpectedly arrives at Tommel Castle with her beautiful niece Crystal in tow, all hell breaks loose. Those who come into contact with Peta, a serious glutton, find her eating habits completely distasteful. Before you know it, Peta ends up dead with an apple stuck in her mouth. Just who would do such a thing? With no end of suspects in sight, Constable Hamish Macbeth has his work cut out for him.   As always, the writer infuses the book with sly humor, and the dialogue creates a feeling of authenticity of place. Unfortunately, with the villagers sidelined for this book, it lacks some of the charm that has been the trademark of this series of cozy mysteries. Moreover, some of the characterizations are so over the top as to be cartoonish and second rate. Still, though not the best book in this series, those who are fans of the oddly endearing Hamish Macbeth will derive some enjoyment from this book.
4455 This is a fairytale for adults. Though not particularly well written, it is, nonetheless, a humorous and inventive story of a modern day virgin who inherits a castle and her very own ghost. The ghost is literally a knight in shining armor. This handsome and charming thirteenth century knight is doomed to haunt the halls of this castle keep for all eternity, unless he can persuade a descendant of the woman who consigned him to his fate to sign the castle over to him. Needless to say, the ghost and this twentieth century maiden fall in love. What happens to them is sure to delight readers of romance novels everywhere.
4456 This is a gripping, page turner that is hard to put down, once the reader has picked it up. Fast paced and highly suspenseful, the story revolves around a female character named Jaye Garrett. Independent, intelligent, and resourceful, the epitome of a modern woman, thirty three year old Jaye is stunned to learn that not only is her beloved brother, Patrick, practically on his death bed with leukemia, but that only a bone marrow transplant can save him. When she quickly offers hers up, she is stunned to find out that both she and her brother are not related by blood , as they were both adopted in private "black market" adoptions.  Determined to find Patrick's blood relatives in the hope of finding one who is a match for a bone marrow transplant that could save his life, Jaye embarks on a journey that takes her to Cawdor, Oklahoma, where she teams up with an attorney from Philadelphia who is there on his own similar quest on behalf of a client. In Cawdor, their investigation brings them into conflict with a group of people who will do anything to stop the past from being revived.  When Jaye relentlessly rakes up the past in order to find those who have the potential to save her beloved brother's life, she sets in motion a series of events that could cost her own life. These people will stop at nothing, not even murder, to quell inquiry into a part of  the town's history that will not withstand scrutiny.  This book will appeal to those readers who enjoy thrillers, mysteries, novels of suspense, or just a good, quick, page turning read. This one delivers!
4457 Published in 1932, this novel is a hysterically funny, tongue in cheek parody of the heavy handed, gloomy novels of some early twentieth century English writers who had previously been so popular. Tremendously successful when first published, "Cold Comfort Farm" caused quite a stir in its time. The novel starts out innocuosly enough, when well educated Flora Poste finds herself orphaned at the age of twenty. Discovering that her father was not the wealthy man she believed him to be, she is resigned to the fate of having to live on a hundred pounds a year. Opting to live with relatives, rather than earn her bread, she seeks out a most unlikely set of relations, the odd Starkadder family who live in Howling, Sussex. Therein begins what is certainly one of the funniest novels ever written. When Flora arrives in Howling, she meets her odd relatives, who live in neglected, ramshackle "Cold Comfort Farm", where they still wash the dishes with twigs, and have cows named Graceless, Pointless, Feckless, and Aimless. Headed by a seventy nine year old matriarch, Flora's aunt, Ada Doom Starkadder, who has not been right in the head since she "saw something nasty happen in the woodshed" nearly seventy years ago, they are a motley and strange crew indeed. Confronted with their dismal and gloomy existence, Flora sets about trying to put things to right. Peppered with eccentric, memorable characters, this book will take the reader on a journey not easily forgotten. It is one that is sure to make the reader revisit this novel yet again, like an old friend who is missed too soon.
4458 This is an attractive set of good quality seasoning or condiment containers. Made of durable  stainless steel, the set comes with three containers, three tops,  and three spoons. The tops fit well on the  containers. The containers have recesses for the spoons to pass through. The containers themselves sit in their own individual cradles in an arched stainless steel footed caddy.  The style is contempoary and unobtrusive, suitable for indoor or outdoor use.  I like to use these containers for relishes, chimichurri, or salsa. The containers each hold about a cup, so they are generously sized. This is a very handy item, and it makes for a great gift. I totally love this set, which I received in exchange for an honest review,  and find it very useful!
4459 This book covers some of the territory the author covered in her best selling novel, "Green Darkness", that of past lives. The trouble is that the author is unable to capture the magic inherent in her best seller. While this well researched book is of some interest, due to its subject matter, there the similarities stop. Those who have read the other will be somewhat disappointed with this readable, though somewhat tepid, fare. Here the book revolves around a young New Englander, Amy Delatour, a teenage girl of French Acadian-English lineage, who often goes into a fugue stage where she believes she is a tormented soul named Ange-Marie, a French Acadian in exile in eighteenth century Connecticut who had been separated from her beloved husband, Paul. The shy and bookish  Amy lives in a state of anguish and uncertainty, until one of her high school teachers, Martin Stone, takes an interest in this unusual, highly intelligent young woman. Together they will try to get at the bottom of her mysterious dream states and her fire phobia. The novel starts out promisingly enough, but it never quite reaches its promise. It has a feel of needing to be further fleshed out. While parts of the book are quite interesting, the reader feels as if one where given a delicious appetizer to tempt the palate, only to find that the main course is not forthcoming. Still, there is enough in this novel to make for a pleasant read. Those who have an interest in past lives regression will surely find this book to be of interest.
4460 This is a really nice three piece set of gardening tools, well-constructed and attractive. Made of aluminum alloy with comfortable, easy grip, soft touch handles, this set is makes a perfect gift for the gardener in your life. I gave the set to my son's girlfriend, who happens to be an avid gardener, and she loves It!
4461 This is a mildly suspenseful, atmospheric novel about a young, war widow, Kate Herrick, who in 1947 at the request of her ill grandmother in Scotland goes to Rose Cottage, her childhood home in the English countryside. Kate is to retrieve some of her grandmother's documents and personal belongings. When she gets there, however, she discovers that she is too late. Someone has been there before her. As Kate investigates the mysterious disappearance of her grandmother's property, she ends up discovering somethings about her own past.  Well written and redolent of a bygone era, the book unravels a pleasant, uncomplicated story. Never too mysterious and not one of the author's best efforts, the book is a predictable, though somewhat enjoyable, read.
4462 Three extraterrestrials leave their beautiful and peaceful  planet to vacation on Earth. These blue blooded (literally) aliens look just like us, except that thay have extraordinary strength and are practically invincible. They are a family group, comprised of a set of parents, Charlie (George Wendt) and Rhonda (Shanna Reed), and their nubile, teenage daughter, Daphne (Anastasia Sakelaris). After landing in a depressed area, they rent rooms for an exhorbitant sum. They befriend their landlord, Joseph (Christopher M. Brown), a petty crook now trying to stay on the straight and narrow (lucky for him) by running his mother's boarding house. From there, mom and pop go on the prowl for bad guys. Charles Bronson in "Death Wish" has nothing on them! This movie is outrageously funny, though somewhat macabre, as these civic minded aliens dispense their own unique brand of criminal justice. The portly George Wendt and the Betty Crockerish Shanna Reed are absolutely hilarious as they act out their vigilante fantasies on our planet. Their delight in doing so is infectious, and their appearance is a clever counterpoint to their actions. Anastasia Sakelaris is terrific as their lovely daughter. English not being her first language, her malapropisms add an additional deft, comedic touch. Christopher M. Brown capably plays the part of Joseph, the landlord who knows that his tenants are a bit off the mark but cannot quite put his finger on it. The only problem with this movie is that the production values are somewhat low. The aliens' space pod looks like it was made in someone's garage, so cheap and shoddy are the production values. Still, this is a movie well worth seeing, as it is just so darn funny.
4463 This author is noted for her novels of suspense. She capably creates interesting, well-plotted mysteries that keep the reader guessing and  turning the pages. Having read most of her books, I can say that I am most definitely a fan, and as long as she keeps writing, I will keep reading her books.  In Winston, West Virginia, nineteen year old, raven-haired wild child, Dara Prince, disappears. The note she leaves behind simply states that she is running away. Her father clings to hope, believing her to be alive and well, as he periodically gets letters from different parts of the country, purporting to be from Dara. Three years later, his hopes are dashed, when the body of a raven haired young woman is fished from the local river in their hometown.  When Dara's lost diary is discovered by her mentally challenged adopted brother, Jeremy Ireland, the finger of suspicion points to a number of individuals. Jeremy's older sister, Christine, becomes involved in unraveling the secrets in Dara's diary, secrets in which private nicknames, rather than names are used. Still, the diary makes it clear that at the time of her death, Dara was fearful of someone, but whom?  Danger lurks at every step, as those who had some involvement with Dara are being killed. Working together with Deputy Sheriff Michael Winter, Christine tries to ascertain what is really going on. The only questions that remain to be answered are who killed Dara, who has been sending her father all those letters, and why is this person continuing to kill?
4464 It is difficult to believe that this film won the 1933 Academy Award for Best Picture of the Year. It is a somewhat dull, tedious affair, based upon a Noel Coward play of some popularity. The screenplay by Reginald Berkeley evidently lost something in the adaptation, as it has little to commend it.  The movie chronicles a span of over three decades through the lives of two British families, one upstairs, the other, downstairs. The upstairs family, the Marryots, and their maid and butler, the dowstairs Bridges family, undergo tremendous changes as world events spin out of control, impacting on them in unimaginable ways.  The movie begins with the ringing in of the twentieth century. Both families, employer and employee, welcome in the New Year together and toast each other, little knowing the changes that the twentieth century will bring each one of them. As time goes on, the relationship between the two families begins to change, as class distinctions begin to erode. A montage of historical world events, the Boer War, the death of Queen Victoria, World War I, and the jazz age continue to shape and mold them in a pastiche of human drama.  While it sounds as if it could be interesting, it is not particularly so. One never really gets to know any of the characters nor care about them. While it is a highly stylistic film, it is one that has not aged very well as a storytelling vehicle. It is just not that interesting a film, though it is highly atmospheric and would, therefore, be of some interest to nostalgia buffs and those who love vintage films.
4465 This book is purportedly based upon an actual, unpublicized experiment into an altered state of conciousness. Written by a former science editor for Newsweek, it is a taut and suspenseful thriller. Ben West, a psychologist, is conducting an experiment on mutual hypnosis in which the subjects have their conciousness linked together in a sort of state of temporary death. His subjects are his fiancee, Alison Kilmore, and his friend, Stan Fredricks who, through these experiments in hypnosis, seem to be sharing a quasi after death experience.  As the experiments continue, Alison, in her waking state, seems to be undergoing a change, both physical and mental, becoming detached and disoriented from her everyday reality. Stan also seems to be undergoing a change. He suddenly wants to divorce his wife, Nina. He is also disregarding Ben's instructions during the experiments, and Stan seems to be exerting mind control over Alison, even when not under hypnosis. It appears that the experiments have caused their minds to become linked in some way, as if Alison and Stan were one and having a sort of telepathic affair. It seems that both Ben and Stan want Alison. Only one can have her. Only one wants her alive. Who will ultimately be the victor, and at what cost? Read the book to discover the chilling answer.
4466 The book had me at the prologue. A woman goes missing. The question is why? So, begins the first of a four book epic series. The first book begins in the 1950s Italy and  focuses on two young girls, Lila and Lena. Lila is an innately brilliant girl, daughter of a shoemaker. Lena, on the the other hand, while not brilliant, is smart and applies herself. The book illustrates the development of their friendship.  Bound by the bonds of poverty, insular thinking, and the  violence that permeates their village, which is near Naples, the girls' friendship develops. They go from young girls to teenagers with all the attendant changes promulgated by life experience. This is a book that meanders at a somewhat  slow pace, as it is a character driven book rather than one that is plot driven.  I was drawn into the book by the village life described vividly therein. There are many ancillary characters that help to drive  the story. Reading the book was like living someone else's life vicariously. It had me in its thrall. I look forward with pleasure to reading the remaining books in the series, as I loved the first one.
4467 This is a terrific period novel by the author, and she very capably captures the social mores and customs of the times. Dealing with desire and obsession, secrets and betrayal, the book certainly delivers a rich reading experience that will keep the reader riveted to its pages.  The story therein is a first person narrative told in flashback by Nicholas Van Tassel. The pivotal story begins at the turn of the twentieth century, when the narrator is an undistinguished professor at a small New England college.  A bachelor, he spies Etna Bliss, a pretty, single woman and falls in love at first sight. As luck would have it, he enables her to escape from a fire, creating a connection that he will use to press his suit. That chance meeting will ultimately end in marriage. After all, her only other option is to live as a poor relation in her married sister's household.  What happens to Nicholas and Etna, as well as the tragic results of the bargain they each made when they entered into their marriage, reveals much about each of them and is also reflective of the time in which they lived. This is a wonderfully told, thematically complex tale that is evocative of a bygone era.
4468 This is a wonderful entry in the series of Phryne (rhymes with Brian he) Fisher mysteries. These mysteries, set in Melbourne, Australia in the late 1920s are a delightful, frothy read. Fast-paced and full of humor, this book finds our delightful, stylish, and brainy flapper on the hunt for the killer of an author and illustrator of fairy stories. Feeling that the killer might be close to home, Phrynegoes to work for the women's magazine for which the deceased had worked.  While doing so, Phryne's lover, LIn Chung  goes missing while on a silk buying foray in China. That mystery compounds itself when our intrepid female sleuth realizes that she is being tailed, resulting in various threats and assaults upon her person. Meanwhile, the mystery of Lin Chung's disappearance deepens, more so when evidence of some dastardly skulduggery makes itself manifest to Phryne' dismay.  This book has a number of mysteries to unravel, both professional and personal. Fans of the Honorable Phryne Fisher will not be disappointed. This is simply a delightful, lighthearted, stylish mystery, featuring a wonderful main character and a host of quirky supporting ones.  I love this series of cozy mysteries. As with all cozy mysteries, the  characters, more so than the mysteries, keep the readers coming back for more
4469 In the very late fifties, early sixties my mother used to play Jimmie Rodgers' music on our record player all the time. Consequently, I grew up listening to his folksy, warm voice singing "Kisses Sweeter Than Wine", "Secretly", "Waltzing Matilda", "Ring-A-Ling-A-Lario", "Honeycomb", and "Woman From Liberia". I always loved it when my mother played his album, and over the years it stayed with me until I, too, decided I would listen to his music and bought this outstanding CD.  Jimmie Rodgers always thought of himself primarily as a folk singer, yet most of the songs he sang were country flavored pop tunes because that was where the market was. His lilting, mellow voice was able to cross over easily to another genre of music, making him one of the most popular entertainers of the time.  Unfortunately, in late 1967, his career was derailed by an off-duty policeman in California who stopped him, ostensibly for driving erratically. What happened next was never made clear. Suffice to say, Jimmie Rodgers spent the better part of a year in a hospital with traumatic head injuries, a turn of events which impacted substantially on his career, as it took him several years to recuperate. Yet, notwithstanding this tragic turn of events, his was once one of the brightest stars on the horizon, and this eighteen track compiliation of songs for which he was noted is terrific and well worth having!
4470 This is another entertaining, turn of the twentieth century mystery, featuring Irish immigrant Molly Murphy. Our feisty miss has set her sights on being a private investigator, but somehow it is much more difficult than she imagined to make a decent living doing that kind of work, as it is not the traditional type of work in which a woman of that era engages.  When her heart throb, New York Police Department Captain Daniel Detective Daniel is arrested on a bribery charge, Molly is on the job, knowing that Daniel may be a lot of things, but corrupt is not one of them. Clearly, he is being framed, but the question is why?  Molly suspects that the reason Daniel has been set up may be linked to one of the cases Daniel was investigating at the time of his arrest, but which one? As usual, Molly's investigative exploits put her in danger, only this time her travails are compounded by some issues of a quite personal nature.  This is the fifth book in the Molly Murphy series of mysteries, and the author weaves an entertaining tale, replete with period detail, making it highly atmospheric and redolent of a bygone era. As with all cozy mysteries, however, it is not so much the mystery that is of import but the characters that revolve around the mystery. While the mystery is intriguing, it is the framework around which the characters evolve. That is the glue that binds the reader to this very entertaining series of mysteries.
4471 This 1934 film is an interesting historical drama. Flora Robson is wonderful as the Empress Elizabeth, intelligent and politically astute, though wanton. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is well cast in the role of the Grand Duke Peter, playing him as a weak, lascivious, rake of a fellow. The role of Catherine is well played by Elisabeth Bergner.  At first, Catherine, a German princess intent only upon marrying the Grand Duke Peter, the man to whom she has been promised since she was ten, seems to be a humble, simple soul. They marry, and Peter proceeds to treat Catherine badly, humiliating her at every turn. When his aunt, the Empress, dies and Peter becomes Emperor, it becomes clear that he is not fit to rule. Catherine, however, tries to ameliorate  some of Peter's harsh edicts and rulings.  It soon becomes clear as time passes that it is Catherine who is fit to rule and in the interest of Russia to see to it that she does. How this comes about, and what happens to ensure that Catherine becomes Empress, is interesting, making it a film  worth watching. Unfortunately, I do not know whether this film is historically accurate or not. It is moderately entertaining, nonetheless, with good performances by the entire cast.
4472 An amazing tale of courage, fortitude, and a desire to live, despite dire circumstances. The author, Joe Simpson and his climbing partner, Simon Yates, ascend a perilous section of the Peruvian Andes. Near the summit, tragedy strikes when Joe, up over 19,000 feet, falls and hits a slope at the base of a cliff, breaking his right leg, rupturing his right knee, and shattering his right heel. Beneath him is a seemingly endless fall to the bottom. Simon reaches him but knows that the chances for Joe to get off the mountain are virtually non-existent. Yet, they fashion a daring plan to to do just that.  For the next few hours, through a snow storm, they work in tandem, and manage a risky, yet effective way of trying to lower Joe down the mountain. About three thousand feet down, Joe who is still roped to Simon, drops off an edge, and finds himself now free hanging in space six feet away from an ice wall, unable to reach it with his axe. The edge is over hung about fifteen feet above him. The dark outline of a crevasse lies about a hundred feet directly below him.  Joe couldn't get up, and Simon couldn't get down. In fact, Joe's weight began to pull Simon off the mountain. So, Simon was finally forced to do the only thing he could do under the circumstances. He cut the rope, believing that he was consigning his friend to certain death. Therein lies the tale.  What happens next is sure to make one believe in miracles.
4473 I recall reading about this catastrophic roadhouse fire, in which one hundred people died and two hundred others were injured, many of them grievously, when it first occurred. I wondered as to how it possibly could have happened? Well, now I know. This is one amazingly well-researched and compellingly written book that I simply could not put down!  The author, who is one of the attorneys who worked on the civil lawsuits that emerged out of this enormous tragedy, puts together a spellbinding and coherent account of what happened on February 20, 2003 in West Warwick, Rhode Island at a local roadhouse that featured rock bands. On that fateful night, the nineteen eighties heavy metal band, Great White, was the headlining act. When they set off pyrotechnics as part of their show, all hell broke loose when the foam insulation on the walls of the roadhouse caught fire.  In exploring the myriad of reasons and underlying greed that were the catalyst for such a tragedy to take place, the author creates an enormously gripping work of non-fiction. The book, with its relentlessly engrossing narrative, simply rivets the reader to its pages. The scope of what the author covers in the book and the heartbreaking stories of many of those involved are comprehensive. The book also provides a birds-eye view of the greed and stupidity that brought about this conflagration and of what it ultimately took to secure some vestige of justice for all involved.  Those who enjoy true crime, as well as those who enjoy superlative non-fiction, will most definitely enjoy reading this top notch book. Bravo!
4474 Filmed on an obvious shoestring budget, director Fiona Cunningham Reid does the best she can with the hand with which she has been dealt. The premise of the film is simple. Steffi, a dynamic, bi-racial, lesbian ice skater, is dumped by her skating partner and lover, on practically the eve of the Gay Games same sex pairs ice skating competition for which they had been training. Steffi urgently needs a new partner, if she is to enter. Enter shy Natalie, naive and unsure. She hasn't had a date in a long time, if ever. Living with her sister and her family, Natalie's home life is hell. Her older sister nags her and uses her as a maid and babysitter, while her brother-in-law slaps a make on her. They disparage her love of ice skating. Life is sure uncomfortable for Natalie, and skating seems to be her only solace. Steffi and Natalie meet and beging skating together. Natalie becomes aware of her own budding sexuality, as she finds herself attracted to Steffi. They become lovers and seem ready to skate away together into the sunset, when Natalie discovers that Steffi has not been straight with her (pun intended). It looks like Steffi's dream of a gold medal at the Gay Games in New York in the same sex pairs ice skating competition is destined to remain just that. Does Natalie wake up and smell the coffee in time to skate back into Steffi's life? Watch the film and find out.
4475 This is the eighteenth book in a series of cozy mysteries featuring lovable Highlander, Hamish Macbeth, in charge of law and order in the village of Lochdubh and its environs in the north of Scotland. The book is laced with sly humor throughout that is engaging, and the dialogue creates a feeling of authenticity of place, making the book highly enjoyable. One does not read these books for their literary value. One reads them purely for the fun of it.  As always, the author kills off a thoroughly unlikable character. This time, the deceased is an ambitious tabloid TV news reporter who had a personal beef with Hamish after he stopped her for speeding. The deceased had also been hell bent on exposing highland village scandals for her muckraking television segments in hopes of a ratings boost, a fact that did not sit well with many of the locals. Moreover, the deceased also had professional and personal issues with those with whom she worked. So, suspects abound, as Hamish, once again, tries to separate the wheat from the chaff and come up with the murderer.  While trying to figure out just who the murderer is, Hamish is assisted by Elspeth Grant, who writes the horoscope column for the local newspaper and is clearly interested in Hamish, though he is still trying to get over his breakup with the coolly beautiful  and patrician Priscilla Halburton-Smythe. As with all cozy mysteries, it is not so much the mystery that is of import but the characters that revolve around the mystery, and the characters are certainly quirky and entertaining, adding to the charm of the series. With the oddly endearing Hamish Macbeth, the author has created a character that is a winner. I love this series of cozy mysteries!
4476 In the late sixties, early seventies, I had a Tim Hardin LP  album that I played to death. It was my all time favorite LP. As technological advances were made and CDs came to the fore, it was consigned to a box with all my other LP albums. I was, therefore, thrilled to find this CD with all my Tim Hardin favorites. I was not disappointed by it. It is, without a doubt, my favorite CD.  Tim Hardin was a very gifted musician, singer, and songwriter. His music is a celebration of the human spirit which is ironic, considering that his own life ended so tragically from a drug over dose. His songs often sung by others, Tim Hardin did it best. A cornucopia of emotion and sound, there is not a bad song on this entire CD. It is quintessential Tim Hardin.  While some purists may object to the new orchestral arrangement on this CD, it only enhances already great music. What makes it unique is Tim Hardin himself, a truly gifted artist with no equal. A folksinger who shaded his music with blues and jazz overtones, Tim Hardin sang with a poignancy that will touch your heart. At times romantic and lyrical, other times positively soulful, Tim Hardin was an original.  When he sang his music, Tim Hardin spoke to your very soul. It is this quality, and not the musical arrangement, that makes his music transcend the passage of time. This is a truly great CD.
4477 This hard living, hard loving, country diva had one of the  most emotive voices in the history of country music. In her too short career, cut prematurely in a plane crash, she managed to put together a roster of musical hits. This is an absolutely definitive CD. There is simply not one bad cut on it, with stand outs such as: "Crazy", "She's Got You",  "Sweet Dreams", "Back in Baby's Arm's", and "Leaving on Your Mind". Ten of the cuts on this CD were top ten tunes on the pop charts of the time, while seven of them made the top ten on the country charts. Fans of Ms. Cline's, as well as those music lovers just wanting a great CD, would be well satisifed with it.
4478 This is a rugged, expensive looking, durable case that is perfect for the IPad mini. In addition to being an attractive looking case, its functionality is optimal, providing six different, perfectly stable viewing angles through its versatile magnetic stand. The excellent construction of this case, which I received from the seller in exchange for an honest review, also provides the IPad mini with secure protection. All in all, this is an outstanding, well executed case for one's IPad mini. It is well worth the price for the quality one gets.
4479 This study of Black streetcorner men by noted anthropologist, Dr. Elliot Liebow, was his doctoral dissertation. It became recognized as one of the more important sociological treatises, at the time it was written; a time during which Blacks or African Americans were still referred to as Negroes. Dr. Liebow's year and a half long study of a group of disaffected Black males, who routinely frequented a streetcorner in Washington, D.C.'s inner city, provided the basis for the dissertation that gave rise to this book. His analysis of this particular societal subculture, in the context of the overall social milieu in which it exists, is still relevant today. While scholarly, the book is written in an engaging conversational tone, which makes for easy reading. This book should be read by all those with an interest in the social sciences.
4480 This series just keeps getting better. All of the main characters get their day in the sun. Dr. Crusher returns. Counselor Troi and her mother manage to get themselves kidnapped by the Ferengi. Data becomes a father. The mischievous Q returns to plague Captain Picard, and the Borg make another appearance in the season finale. What could be better?  Season three has excellent scripts, quality acting, and  memorable characters. I love season three!
4481 This is the first book I have read by this author, but I can assure you it will not be the last. I absolutely loved this book, not so much  for the mystery, which the reader  can pretty much  figure out in large part, but because of the deftess of the writing. This author can write and does so with an authenticity of time and place, transporting the reader into the bowels of a dysfunctional Irish family. Therein lies the mystery.  The characters are well drawn and, as the plot develops, each character lays out the parts that allows the mystery to coalesce and be solved. It turns out that those recently discovered  bones were once those of Rosie Daly, a local girl with big dreams who disappeared over twenty years ago and was never again never heard from. At the time, she had been in love l with a neighborhood boy by the name of Francis Mackey, who is  now an undercover official certainly with the Irish guards. He is determined to find out what happened all those years ago to Rosie, who was the love of his life, and, perhaps, vanquish the ghosts that have haunted him ever since.  Beautifully written, those who enjoy mysteries will get much enjoyment from his book. It is both entertaining and gratifying on many levels. I certainly look forward to reading other books by this author.
4482 These are classic aviator glasses. The pair that I received had a blue mirrored lens that was quite attractive with the silver frames.  I liked the mirrored lens, because you can see out but others can't see in.  The construction was excellent for such an inexpensive pair of sun glasses. No doubt, one gets a lot of bang for one's buck with this product.  They are a stylish pair of glasses that offer UV 400 protection and are effective in cutting down the glare from the sun, no matter the intensity. They also provide a very comfortable fit.  I gave these glasses to my son, who is a police officer, and he absolutely loves them. Moreover, they look great on. For the price of these glasses, a buyer can't go wrong. These glasses are truly a great buy for the money.
4483 This is a wonderful romantic comedy that proved to be a major hit for director Preston Sturges. With an all star cast, great performances, deft direction, and an engaging script that works to perfection, this is definitely a very entertaining black and white film.  Barbara Stanwyck is terrific in the role of con artist Jean Harrington who, together with her father, played by veteran actor Charles Coburn, sets out to fleece Charles Pike, a young, shy, bookish millionaire played by the young and handsome Henry Fonda, while on a South American cruise.  The only problem is that they actually do fall in love with each other, and the con is called off.  Unfortunately, the path of true love never runs smoothly. When Pike's general factotum, Mugsy, played with comic intensity by character actor, William Demerast, discovers that Jean is a con artist, this sets into motion a series of comedic plot developments and amusing misunderstandings. The only question is whether true love will prevail. Watch this charming film and find out. You will not be disappointed, as this is truly a gem of a film.
4484 This is the ninth book in the delightful Molly Murphy series of historical mysteries that take place in the turn of the twentieth century New York City. This time our feisty heroine finds herself in heady company indeed. When she and her fianc&eacute;, New York City Detective Daniel Sullivan, go to see Harry Houdini, the great illusionist, on the New York stage, Molly is thrilled. Unfortunately, before Houdini takes the stage, another illusionist seemingly makes an unfortunate error when he tries to saw his assistant in half, and the whole show is called off.  In the aftermath of the disastrous opening act, Bess, Houdini's wife, and Molly strike up a conversation. Discovering that Molly is a private detective, Beth hires her to look out for Houdini, as she suspects someone means him harm. So, despite Daniel's admonishments about giving up her chosen career now that they are getting married, Molly goes all out to discover just what exactly is going on.  As always, the author skillfully captures the feel of a bygone era, and the story is rife with period detail and highly atmospheric. This is a well-written book with an intriguing plot and characters that will fully engage the reader. As with all cozy mysteries, it is not so much the mystery that is of import but the characters that revolve around the mystery. While the mystery is intriguing, it is the framework around which the characters evolve.  Those who like the historical cozy mystery genre will definitely enjoy this entertaining series.
4485 I recently saw this version of Cinderella on television. It was one with which I was unfamiliar, and it exceeded my expectations. The story line was kept simple and true to the fairytale. The cinematography was stunning. The outstanding cast was excellent in each of their respective roles, and the costumes were beautiful. Directed by Kenneth Branaugh, the film held me in its thrall from beginning to end. I loved it!
4486 Though this book is the second in a series, it also reads like a stand alone book. The story revolves about a high publicity murder in which a noted neurosurgeon is killed, while at work in an esteemed New York City Medical Center. Assistant District Attorney Alex Cooper is called in to assist the police in their investigation, and the investigation leads to many different suspects.  While the book is fairly entertaining, the strength of the book lies in the authenticity of its police procedural aspects. The authors knowledge of police work and of the inner workings of a prosecutors office shows, as the descriptions of those aspects of the book ring true.  Though the murder itself is intriguing, and some of the characters are fairly well fleshed, others are not and, consequently, are not particularly gripping. Moreover, the resolution of this whodunit is a little lackluster. Overall, however, the book is enjoyable and should appeal to fans of the murder mystery genre.
4487 If you are a fan of The Beatles, then you will love this CD. This is their fifth release, and it is filled with quite a number of excellent songs composed by that dynamic songwriting duo, Lennon/McCartney. There is even a nice little tune by George Harrison, "I Need You". There are only two non-Beatle compositions on this fourteen track CD.  This CD showcases the versatility of the Fab Four. It also shows the musical evolvement of The Beatles. From the wonderful and offbeat "You've Got To Hide Your Love Away" to the lover's warning found in "You're Going To Lose that Girl", the listener is hooked. Follow it up with the rollicking "I've Just Seen A Face" and the beautiful ballad, "Yesterday", and you have a CD well worth having.  While this CD still reflects some of the innocence and youthful exuberance of the early Beatles, it also has an overlay of newly acquired musical sophistication and maturity. It is a portent of things to come.
4488 Having read this well-written book many years ago and having thoroughly enjoyed it, I decided it was time to pay an old friend another visit and re-read it. Time has certainly not diminished the capacity of this book to entertain the reader.  The talented author deftly weaves the gossamer threads of history with fiction, creating a tapestry that tells the reader of the tragic life of Theodosia, beloved daughter and only child of the notorious Aaron Burr. Written by a master storyteller, it is an enjoyable and poignant portrait of Theodosia. While her life was tragic in many respects, the book tells a compelling story of a young woman whose name would forever remain in the annals of history.
4489 Having seen and heard the original cast when Pippin first opened on Broadway in late 1972, I was delighted to find this CD. Having always loved this musical, I had it on vinyl, but needed a more updated version. I got it, played it, and the memories came flowing back. I was fortunate to have seen Ben Vereen's star making, show stopping, Tony award winning performance, as well as stellar performances by John Rubenstein, Irene Ryan, Leland Palmer, Eric Berry, and Jill Clayburgh. I loved this musical when I saw it and, after listening to this digitally remastered CD of the original cast recording, love it still.  The music tells the story of Pippin, first born son of Charlemagne, and his quest to find his place in life. This is a timeless theme, told through a medieval tapestry of war, court intrigue, patricide, politics, art, religion, sex, and love. The story is melded through inventive use of the age old greek chorus, led by a character entitled the Leading Player (Ben Vereen), through whichPippin (John Rubenstein) segues from vignette to vignette in his age old quest of finding himself.  While Pippin does have a flower child feel to it, redolent of the Woodstock generation, the music and lyrics are gloriously charming with a superb orchestration, telling a timeless story which should continue to enchant young and old alike. Bravo!
4490 "Scary Movie" parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as "Scream", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "The Sixth Sense", and "The Blair Witch Project" will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves.  This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
4491 The Amazon photo of this bag is better than the reality of it. On the plus side, the stitching on the bag is sturdy and straight. The gold toned hardware appears to be of good quality. The leather has a pebbled texture, so it will be less likely to show scratches. The bag comes with a long leather strap, which one may easily attach to the D rings on each end of the bag's exterior and use it as either a shoulder or crossover bag, rather than as just a satchel.  The interior of the bag is lined with fabric and is spacious, as there are two large compartments separated by a centered  zippered compartment. On one side of the interior there are  two pocket compartments that are perfect for storing one's smartphone and its accessories. On the other side is a zippered compartment that is perfect for storing one's keys or other small items. The interior zipper pulls are also quite nice.  On the down side, the exterior zipper is a clumsy looking affair. The exterior gold toned Aretha brand plaque is not centered in the stitched space designated for it. Instead, it sits there crookedly. Moreover, the bag has an odd, unpleasant, almost chemical, odor. I have owned many fine leather bags in my life, none of which smelled like this one.  I let the bag air out for more than a week in hopes of having the noxious smell dissipate, to no avail. So, regrettably, I cannot recommend this bag, which I received from the seller in exchange for an impartial review.
4492 This was a pleasant film, which I recently viewed on the Sci-Fy channel. I enjoyed more than not and thought that the cast, overall, gave good performances, despite the flawed script. The premise of the films involves a guy, David (Matt Damon) and a girl, Elise (Emily Blunt). He is a politician, and she is a dancer. They meet, and it is Kismet. It is as if they were meant to be together.  Unfortunately, an other worldly group, known as the  Adjustment  Bureau, thinks otherwise. It seems that humans only think that they have free will, as everything is actually planned out by a higher power, since humans have a propensity for major screw-ups. So, David and Elise are pulled asunder, only to discover that the best laid plans often go awry.  I have seen these themes of free will and predestination addressed in other films. Mildly entertaining, this one pales in comparison to "Sliding Doors", which was a far superior film.
4493 This is a light-weight  time travel, historical romance novel that is laced with humor. While the writing is somewhat pedestrian and there is little character development, the story can carry the day, despite some of the historical detail being a bit questionable.  The reader need only suspend disbelief to get some enjoyment out of this whimsical book.  When Jessica Blakely, a modern day miss, finds herself mysteriously transported in time to thirteenth century England, little did she know that it would be there that she would meet the man who was to be the love of her life, Richard De Galtres. He is a noble knight who has hardened his heart against love due to his harsh upbringing by a brutal father, until fate conspires to have Richard and Jessica meet and fall in love.  How they overcome their differences, as Richard learns to cope with a modern woman and Jessica learns to cope with a medieval man, makes for a story that those who like reading  time travel, historical romance novels will enjoy.
4494 This is a book that gets off to a promising start, as the author discusses her lifelong compulsion to over-indulge with respect to food and the self-loathing that accompanied her compulsion. While the author writes well, the book begins to head south as the author's self-absorption begins to cast a pall. She is a woman whose weight begins to dominate her every thought and her entire life. Who would have thought that one hundred and seventy pounds of avoirdupois on a five foot two frame would be so tragic for someone?  When the author is diagnosed with a mental disorder that simply requires her to medicate herself, the reader is relieved that the author's ordeal is over, as is that of the reader. While the author writes with a certain self-deprecating sense of humor, it is not enough to disguise the self-absorption throughout. Therein lies her true gluttony.
4495 This cookbook from Taste of Home is a real treasure. It expands on the other Heartwarming Soup cookbooks from Taste of Home by presenting 380 great soup recipes. Since procuring this book we've made more than a dozen of these recipes, and everyone has been a winner. One can just about count on these kitchen-teste recipes to turn out well. As with just about everything Taste of Home does, this soup recipe book is nicely done. The pictures make these soups look truly delectable.
4496 These fasteners give extra protection to my Vivosmart tracker when Im swimming. Theyre a lot easier to get onto the band than the fastener that comes with the tracker. I like the color options. I definitely would recommend this package of fasteners to someone who wants to protect their investment. Small price to pay for that type of insurance.  I received this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
4497 Richard Bauckham wrote this commentary more than 30 years ago. It remains one of the best commentaries on these two sometimes neglected NT books. Written in a scholarly though readable fashion, Bauckham addresses all the important issues of interpretation of the text in both books, and also presents a detailed analysis of other crucial issues regarding these two books.  Some may find Bauckham's denial of the Petrine authorship of 2 Peter disturbing. Although his arguments do not fully convince me, they are definitely interesting and well reasoned. Even if one ultimately rejects his position, it is worth considering, for Bauckham marshals an impressive amount of evidence against the Petrine authorship of this book. For those who hold to the traditional authorial view (as I do), Bauckham's arguments are not always easy to answer.  One of the highlights of Bauckham's commentary on Jude is his discussion of "The Testament of Moses" (the "Assumption of Moses"), which is the apparent source of Jude 9. Also of note is his account of Jude's quotation from 1 Enoch, which forms the basis for Jude's comments in vv. 14-16.  Although the serious scholar is likely to derive the most benefit from this commentary, it is clearly enough written that someone wishing to get an overview of one or both of these books will benefit as well.
4498 These soft but chewy Scottie dogs with their delicious red licorice flavor are totally sugar-free and lower in calories than the regular red Scottie dogs. These are a great treat for anyone who is watching their sugar intake but wants to enjoy some fine red licorice. Here's a list of ingredients: Maltitol syrup, modified food starch (corn and potato starch), sorbitol, artificial flavor, coconut oil, carnauba wax, sucralose, color added, Red 40. All Gimbals products are Kosher ("OU" pareve) and are nut free, transfat free, gelatin free, gluten free, dairy free, and egg free.
4499 Several years ago I discovered LorAnn oils. I realized almost immediately that they were far stronger and better than the extracts that I could get in the supermarket. As an avid baker and candy maker I use a lot of flavorings. And peppermint is one of them. I use it in peppermint-flavored icing and also peppermint bark, as well as occasionally in cake batter. The LorAnn peppermint has a true flavor that is not the least artificial. And it's definitely more economical in the long run, since the most you need is a few drops, which means that a bottle lasts for a really long time.
4500 I love variety packs that contain more than one of my favorite candy bars. That's exactly what this variety pack does. I've loved Nestle crunch since I was young. The combination of rich milk chocolate and crunchy toasted rice is simply yummy. And then there's the Butterfinger bars. These have always been one of my wife's favorites, and because they were I got hooked on them too. And, if truth be told, the Baby Ruth and 100 Grand bars are pretty good as well. So, if you're looking for a variety pack to give you plenty of wonderful candy treats, try these.
4501 Of all the brands of teriyaki marinade I've tried over the years Kikkoman is definitely the best. I'm impressed with its pleasant sweet and rich teriyaki flavor, which works well as a marinade as well as in traditional stir-fry recipes. I've found it to be a great marinade for beef dishes, especially steaks, as well as for chicken. I make sure I always have a bottle of Kikkoman on hand, since I use it so much. That's one reason I usually buy the big bottle.
4502 This combination of dark chocolate and sea salted cashews is truly addicting. I've tasted other combinations of dark chocolate and salted centers but this one beats all of them. The small package is just perfect for an afternoon snack (there is enough to share). Try these now.
4503 I watched this movie with my son who saw it at the theatre and loved it. My honest opinion is pretty basic. This is a beautiful film. The cinematography is stunning.  The love the father has for his son is touching. However the plot is boring, the acting is NOT Academy Award winning level and there is not much redemptive in this film. Plus, it is TOO long. That's all I have. Watch it if you're curious. Not terrible. Just not great.
4504 Over the years I've accumulated quite a few of these Delorme atlas and gazetteers. I find them most useful when visiting a state or a region of that state. If all I want to do is to get through a state as fast as I can (which is seldom the case), a simple roadmap will do. But not for seriously exploring a state. I suppose that it's possible to do this exploration without a gazetteer in a state where everything is laid out on a grid pattern, but even then there's a lot of interesting information a regular roadmap doesn't show. But when it comes to a state like Tennessee, where the roads wind around a lot (particular in the eastern, more mountainous part of the state), having a Delorme atlas, which shows all the backroads as well as the main highways, is invaluable in finding one's way around. When I was visiting Tennessee, this atlas allowed me to find out-of-the-way hamlets, and some little lakes and streams the roadmap didn't show. And, of course, the atlas shows hiking trails and trailheads, which is invaluable for someone like me who likes hiking. And it's a topographical map, which is most useful in a state like Tennessee, where much of it (particular its eastern half) is hilly to mountainous.
4505 When I was a kid more than a half century ago Dentyne was one of my favorite brands of chewing gum. I loved the great, fresh cinnamon taste that created a tingling sensation in my mouth. And the flavor lasted a reasonably long time. The Dentyne Classic available today brings back the memories of that gum of my youth. It's been a long time since I used to chew it when I was a kid, but unless my taste buds are deceiving me, this is just like it was back then. And I still love it.
4506 Carson and Moo's "An Introduction to the New Testament" by Carson and Moo is will balanced and is an excellent and scholarly study. Unlike some surveys, this text does not shy away from issues such as whether or not 2 Corinthians is a single letter or a compilation of multiple letters, whether 1 or 2 Thessalonians is the first written of the two, and the dating of Revelation.  The format is easy to follow. Each New Testament book begins with a section on contents, followed by sections on authorship, provenance, date, purpose, text, adoption into the canon, and contribution.  Although this is billed as an introduction to the New Testament, it's by no means a quick overview, which might better serve someone with little familiarity with the NT. However, if you're looking for a serious study of the New Testament, this is probably the best text available and is certainly appropriate for seminary-level courses in the NT.
4507 I have read several of John Piper's books over the years. "Let the Nations be Glad! The Supremacy of God in Missions" may be the best of them all, which is saying a lot, since the others are all very good. The Third Edition represents an expansion of the previous editions in that it includes a third part entitled "The Practical Outworking of Compassion and Worship." The first two parts ("The Purpose, the Power, and the Price" and "The Necessity and Nature of the Task") are found in the earlier editions.  This is not primarily a "how-to" book, although what Piper says certainly has practical applications. Rather, it is a discussion of what must be the foundations of missions--the glorifying of God Himself and the supremacy of Christ as the focus of saving faith. Piper does an excellent job of showing why this is and why, for missions to truly succeed in leading the nations to Christ, we must never take our eyes off this foundation or set some man-centered goal in its place.  In this day and age when so much is written on method and on the relative merits of various models of "doing" missions (e.g, short-cycle missions, etc.) Piper's call to make God's glory primary is a needed breath of fresh air. To close with a quote from near the beginning of the book, one that states the basic thesis admirably: "If the pursuit of God's glory is not ordered above the pursuit of man's good in the affections of the heart and the priorities of the church, man will not be well served and God will not be duly honored."
4508 This wine kit from Winexpert makes a wine that is what I've come to expect in a good Merlot. Like most Merlots it is a full-bodied wine with the taste of tannins as the juice hits the front of the mouth, followed by the bursting forth of fruity dark berries and plum, and just a hint of sweetness at the end. The mouthfeel is silky smooth and satisfying. It pairs well with most beef dishes but is especially good with prime rib. I've had thirty-dollar bottles of Merlot that aren't as good as this.  The kit is easy to make, requiring a maximum of about three hours' time of work, stretched out over about 8 weeks from mixing to bottling. Although you can drink it earlier, I'd suggest waiting at least 6 months before uncorking your first bottle. I made my kit more than a year ago and the wine is still developing. Like any good red, it takes time.
4509 Norm Geisler has written quite a few books in his long and illustrious career. In my estimation, "Philosophy of Religion" is one of his best efforts, Among the topics covered are the traditional arguments for the existence of God, the nature and characteristics of religious experience, the problem of evil, and religious language. While I have a different take on some of these topics than does Geisler, most of what he has written is well-argued. His criticisms of positions with which he disagrees are well-reasoned and not mere straw man arguments.  Part 3, on "God and Language," is the section I found most interesting. He talks about negative and positive religious language and gives a clear explanation of the difference between the via negativa, univocal predication, and analogical prediction. For whatever reason a lot of philosophy of religion texts ignore this topic. Thankfully, Geisler covers it and provides a thoughtful discussion.  As is to be expected, Geisler does not cover every topic. He does not talk about the miraculous or the relation of religion to science or the matter of religious pluralism. However, he provides excellent analyses of the topics he does cover.
4510 "Twelve Great Philosopher," by Wayne Pomerleau, is a fairly brief (although not superficial) description of the thought of a dozen philosophers. Having taught philosophy for nearly three decades, during which I've used several different texts, let me first note a couple problems in using this book in an introductory-level course. First, without considerable supplementary material given to the students either through lectures or notes, it is not likely that the students are going to come away from the study of these philosophers with an understanding of the basic issues in epistemology, metaphysics, ethics, and other areas of philosophy. Second, unless the instructor provides some understanding of other philosophers who were the contemporaries of the twelve selected by Pomerleau, the student will probably not have a good idea as to the views with which these philosophers were interacting.  There is also the issue of Pomerleau's choice of philosophers. All the philosophers he has chosen to cover are central figures in the history of philosophy. But so are a lot of others. Why should Aquinas be the only figure to be chosen from medieval times? (Pomerleau places Augustine in the same section as Aquinas, but eight centuries separate these two philosophers.) Why not Bonaventure? Or Duns Scotus? Or Ockham? Moving on a bit, why Hobbes and Hume, but not Locke, Berkeley, or Spinoza? Why Mill as a representative of the nineteenth century and not Schopenhauer? Why James and Sartre but not Wittgenstein or Russell? While Pomerleau briefly notes the existence of some of these philosophers, the question remains as to the basis for his choice.  While the book is worth reading, the problem comes in seeing how it would function as a text for a course.
4511 When my wife bought me a Garden Weasel weeder a couple years back I thought we had solved the problem of the weeds that inevitably grow in our garden.  However, we still had two problems, which the Garden Weasel doesnt fix. First, it doesn't penetrate very well into our heavy clay soil. The Garden Weasel simply isn't strong enough nor its tines large enough to penetrate below the immediate surface of such soil. So, it really can't be used for tilling or anything more than the minimum summertime maintenance. Second, because it doesn't penetrate much below the surface it's not going to get rid of weeds with deep roots. Moreover, when it comes to viny weeds, the weeds get caught among the tines and clog them, which means stopping to remove the weeds before proceeding.  The Garden Weasel may work for mid-growing-season maintenance. For anything more than this, a sturdier, more effective tool is required. I still prefer my sturdy old hoe.
4512 As with most of the commentaries in the original New International Commentary on the New Testament series (some of the volumes have subsequently been reissued with other authors), this volume on First Corinthians by F.W. Grosheide combines good scholarship with accessibility. Technical points have been placed in footnotes, as have detailed references to the original Greek. This allows someone who is looking for insight into the overall meaning of a passage to do so without having to wade through material that may not be relevant to his purposes. The more scholarly material in the footnotes allows the person interested in these issues to delve into them.  The introductory material to the letter is extremely brief. It would have been helpful if there had been more background to this epistle, but this is a minor criticism. All in all this is an excellent commentary.
4513 This is the third "MAD About . . ." book I've gotten. I related to the other two ("the Fifties" and "The Sixties") because I was just starting reading MAD in the late Fifties and through most of the Sixties I bought just about every issue of MAD and owning the book on the Sixties brought back so many memories of all the times I had laughed uproariously at the unique humor of the MAD writers and artists. However, by the Seventies I had outgrown MAD (or so I thought) and was embarking on my career as a teacher. I don't think I bought more than two copies of the magazine that entire decade. And that's why I found MAD About the Seventies to be so funny and informative. To me this was all new material. And I was able to see what I had missed by not purchasing MAD during that time. The best of the parodies, David Berg's "The Lighter Side of . . ." and Don Martin's cartoons were all there, as were other ongoing features that were part of the magazine. It was a delightful experience. Having read it, I was convinced that MAD was still a great magazine back then, and much better than the late Nineties, which I occasionally glanced through one of the copies of MAD my own kids had bought.
4514 Minnesota is a great place to vacation and isn't all that far away from our home in Nebraska. Not surprisingly, my wife and I have had several opportunities to spend time in Minnesota. Until recently we just used our road atlas as a guide while we were on vacation. Having the Minnesota Atlas and Gazetteer has opened a whole new dimension to our exploration of the state. We're now able to find shortcuts to get from one place to another or find obscure roads that take us to really out-of-the-way places. This is helpful throughout the state, but it's especially useful up in the North Woods, where the roads aren't all in a grid pattern. Not only does the atlas show almost all of the roads (no matter how secondary or primitive), but it also shows just about every body of water, including ponds and creeks. This is a great atlas to have for anyone who wants to get off the beaten track in Minnesota.
4515 The commentary on Romans by James Dunn is detailed and scholarly, as are many of the commentaries in the Word Biblical Commentary series. While the layperson will be able to benefit from it, much of what is found between the covers of this volume will be primarily of interest to the scholar. The commentary follows the pattern found in most of the volumes of the WBC series. Each section of text is prefaced with a detailed bibliography. This is followed by an original translation by the author, along with footnotes regarding the Greek text and its interpretation. The "Form/Structure/ Setting" section discusses technical matters that will be of most interest to the scholar. The layperson will find most value in the verse-by-verse commentary (found in the "comments") section, as well as the material in the "explanation" section, which is designed to show the practical relevance of the text.
4516 When William Hendriksen died short of finishing his New Testament Commentaries, Simon J. Kistemaker took over the task. A professor of New Testament at Reformed Theological Seminary, Kistemaker was more than up to the task. The volume on the Petrine epistles and Jude is one of his best. Continuing in the spirit of Hendriksen, Kistemaker has written a commentary that is quite accessible to the layperson. It reads well and is clear in its presentation. At the same time there is enough depth that the New Testament scholar will also be able to benefit from it. Comments on the Greek text are set apart from the main body of the commentary, which allows the reader who is not interested in textual issues or is not familiar with Greek, to easily skip over this material.  Of particular interest is Kistemaker's defense of the Petrine authorship of the letters that bear Peter's name. Although fairly brief, he touches on the main arguments and makes a convincing case for Peter as the author of the epistles.  Unlike Hendriksen, who provided his own translation, Kistemaker uses the NIV text. Some may regard this as a disadvantage, but it is a minor problem, since one can always use one's own preferred translation while studying the commentary.
4517 Designed primarily for women, "On Becoming God's Servant," by Audrey Dorsett covers eight topics: Know your Creator, Know the purpose for your Creation, Know Yourself as a Woman, Know yourself as a Wife, Know Yourself as a Mother, Know your relationship with Christ, Know Yourself as God's Servant, and Know God. The format for each of these topics is the same: A short overview that describes the issue and talks about how to achieve your goal; a "Going Deeper" section (various exercises are given for investigation Scripture to discover what the BIble says); and, finally, a short meditation and prayer.  "On Becoming God's Servant" is appropriate for either individual or group study. Both those new to the faith and those further advanced in their Christian walk will be able to benefit.
4518 Jane Brody's "Good Food Book" is more than just a cookbook. The first 40 percent or so is devoted to Ms. Brody's defense of a high-carbohydrate diet, along with discussions of such topics as the various kinds of grains (helpful for those who have no clue as to the difference between amaranth and triticale), how to grow your own sprouts (useful as a primer on the joys of sprouting), how to shop and cook efficiently, and the importance of exercise. This first part of the book is at once its most interesting and most controversial part. Ms. Brody's belief in the benefits of a high-carbohydrate diet are controversial, and the reader ought to check with other sources before accepting what she says as the truth.  On the other hand, the recipes (which comprise the other 60 percent of the book) have been taste tested and if followed will turn out well. There are many interesting and tasty dishes in this book, all the way from appetizers and soups to entrees, sandwiches, breakfast dishes, salads, and desserts. I especially highly recommend the section on soups, some of which I have not come across elsewhere.
4519 If you like the taste of licorice, you'll love these anise drops from Claey's. (The two have a very similar taste.) Each candy square is dusted with sugar and delivers a pleasing burst of natural anise flavorunmistakably anise but not overpowering. If you let the hard candy square melt in your mouth, you'll enjoy several minutes of great anise flavor. An added advantage is that these anise squares are not a high-calorie snack. Each piece is approximately 15 calories. Here's a list of ingredients: Sugar, corn syrup, natural anise flavor, color added: Red 40.
4520 I've been buying dark chocolate Lindt bars regularly for more than a decade. During that time I've tried just about every combination they manufacturethe orange, the mint, the coconut, the sea salt, and, of course, the chili. As time has gone on the chili has become one of my favorites. The chocolate is rich, smooth, and creamy. And while the chili taste is strong and obvious, it's not uncomfortably hot or so powerful as to overwhelm the chocolate taste. Moreover, the bit of sweetness in the dark chocolate offsets the strong, spicy taste of the chili. In every way it's a great combination.
4521 I've tried several different brands of Worcestershire Sauce over the years, and I've always found that Lea & Perrins has been of consistently high quality. And, while it has been taken over by Heinz, as far as I can tell, the high quality remains. They've also substituted for the high fructose corn syrup, which used to be one of the ingredients. Knowing that it no longer contains this is an added benefit. Since there are so many uses for worcestershire sauce I always make sure that I have a bottle of Lea & Perrins on hand.
4522 A couple years back our supermarket began stocking Badia products. I checked the price of Badia cinnamon with the other brands and realized that Badia was a bargain, particularly when I could buy it in larger quantities. We do a lot of baking that requires cinnamon as well as using it for processing applesauce. (We have three mature apple trees.) So, I'm always looking for a bargain, and Badia was a bargain. My only question was,  "How good is it?" So, I took it home and discovered that it's has as strong a cinnamon taste as does any does any other brand. I can't ask for more than high quality and great value.
4523 This BeanBoozled Spinner Gift Box Game from Jelly Belly is a great party game and fun for kids of all ages. The game consists of a spinner and 20 different Jelly Belly bean flavors. Some of these are old favorites and others are, to say the least, rather strange. Each strange flavor has a great tasting look-alike bean. And until you pop the jelly bean into your mouth you won't know which flavor you're getting. Some of the pairs of flavor are Canned Dog Food and Chocolate Pudding, Skunk Spray and Licorice, Rotten Egg and Buttered Popcorn, and others.
4524 Remember the anise bears from when you were young? These Anise Bears from Farley & Sathers are the genuine article. They are soft, cute little jelly bears with anise flavor and are rolled in sugar crystals. They have a pleasant taste and are a genuine old-fashioned treat. However, they are made with corn syrup, and are manufactured in a facility where milk, tree nuts, peanuts and soy are used in the production of other products.
4525 I have read several of Ronald Nash's books and for the most part I've found them very much to the point. I was hoping for the same from "The Closing of the American Heart." In some regards I was not disappointed. I did find much of his criticism of the American secular educational establishment to be to the point. In it he presents the standard criticisms of this establishment. However, there is not all that much that is original in his analysis. Others before and since have done as good and in some cases a more thorough job of critiquing the foundations of contemporary American education. Had Nash then presented an alternative that was stated in a clear and compelling fashion, I would have given this book a five-star rating. However, this is where it is a bit disappointing. Nash never seems to quite figure out what the basis of Christian education should be. Should it be grounded in Scripture? In Natural Law? In the classics? In early American education? In tradition in general? While Nash has some helpful suggestions as to how the alternative might look, he never seems quite sure of himself or of how to construct an alternative that will be consistently true to a biblical worldview.
4526 "The Huguenots in France," written in the 1870s by Samuel Smiles, begins with the revocation of the Edict of Nantes and continues until the time of the French Revolution. While many of the Huguenots fled the country, others suffered incredible persecution at the hands of the crown, the French soldiers, and the church leaders. In spite of this, French Protestantism refused to die. Smiles' book describes in great detail this tragic period in the history of France. Written in a lively and engaging style, Smiles' book is hard to put down once one has started it.  In addition to a lengthy overview of the period, which comprises the first half of the book, Smiles gives detailed accounts of the lives of several of those who escaped France and settled in England. In addition, the last part of the book talks about the Vaudois, who were the French Waldensians, and who lived in the rugged Alps of southeastern France. While dating from far before the Reformation and technically not Huguenots, they too were an often persecuted people who nevertheless survived with their identity intact.  All in all, this is a most informative book and a great read for anyone with an interest in the history of the Huguenots.
4527 This gazetteer is invaluable for exploring Tennessee's byways and out-of-the-way places. Over the past few years I've picked up gazetteers from around 20 states. I do so whenever I plan on spending enough time in a state that I have time to do some serious exploration of the area. While a roadmap may be okay if one is just traveling through on a major highway, this gazetteer is invaluable for anything more than that. I found this especially true in Tennessee where the roads are not laid out on a grid pattern. Quite often I was able to get someplace quicker by discovering a shortcut that didn't show up on any roadmap. In addition to showing just about all the roads, including gravel roads, the gazetteer marks state parks, campsites, places of interest, every little hamlet, little lakes and ponds, and much more.
4528 If you're looking for a city map showing all the streets find a map designed for that purpose (or get a GPS). The reason for the Delorme Atlas and Gazetteer is not to replace maps of urban areas but to provide a topographical map that shows the details of a state's rural areas that can't be found on the typical roadmap. I discovered this not long ago when I had the opportunity to visit western Massachusetts, especially the Berkshires. Because the gazetteer shows secondary roads not found on the roadmap I had with me, I was able to get to some obscure places, including picturesque streams and ponds. Also, I was able to find hiking trails that aren't on a normal roadmap. While it is true that the city maps are too small to be really useful, this is the aid to have with you when you're exploring any other part of the state, whether the western part or Cape Cod.
4529 As a Protestant who has a longstanding interest in church history in general and the history of the papacy in particular, "Heirs of the Fisherman" by John-Peter Pham provided a significant amount of additional information in my quest for understanding this venerable institution. Chock full of facts and anecdotes, many not available elsewhere, "Heirs of the Fisherman" at times reads almost like a novel, as it provides an inside look into the conclaves that have met over the centuries to choose a successor to a fallen pope (sometimes, though surely not always, amidst significant intrigue). But there is far more to this book than simply a recounting of an extremely specific slice of history. One also learns about the habits of various of the popes, the resting places of those who have died, the various documents issued over the ages that govern the election of a pope, as well as the rise of the Cardinalate and its current structure. (Until I read this book I had no idea that "Cardinal" derives from the Latin word for "hinge." I always thought "Cardinal" was a reference to the color of their robes. Now I know better.)  Some reviewers have dismissed this book as wordy, tedious, and at times too academic. It is not. Though it is not always light reading, for those who are interested in growing in their understanding of the workings of the papacy past and present, it is a most fascinating work.
4530 Over the years, as I've spent time exploring various states, I've collected Delorme Atlas and Gazetteers from more than half the states. A few years back I spent a couple weeks in eastern Tennessee, and used the Delorme atlas to great advantage. Unlike many states in the Midwest, the roads in Tennessee are not laid out on a grid pattern. This can make getting from one place to another a challenge, especially if the place you're trying to get is out of the way. Because I had my gazetteer with me I was often able to get someplace quicker by discovering a shortcut that didn't show up on any roadmap. In addition to showing just about all the roads, including gravel roads, the gazetteer marks state parks, campsites, places of interest, every little hamlet, little lakes and ponds, and much more. It also shows the terrain, which is quite useful when one is planning an extended hike.
4531 This classic work by C.F.D. Moule is an excellent tool for those with a prior knowledge of Greek who desire to do careful exegesis of the New Testament text. Although the title might indicate that its soule purpose is to deal with idiomatic expressions (and it certainly does this), it also includes a thorough discussion of the different tenses, moods, and voices, as well as a detailed description of the use of the prepositions. He also discusses adjectives, participles, pronouns, the different uses of the infinitives, clauses, and more (including Semitisms and Latinisms found in the NT text). I don't know of another work that discusses this particular set of issues under one cover. While I use my analytical lexicon more often than Moule's book, I make use of the latter frequently as well.
4532 As a scholarly commentary on the Johannine epistles, Stephen Smalley's contribution to the Word Biblical Commentaries is invaluable. Smalley does a wonderful job of analyzing the Greek text and discussing the interpretations of other commentators. Where Smalley disagrees with another interpretation of a text he is inevitably fair in his assessment of the other interpretation. The one small drawback in this commentary is that his introduction is quite brief. However, in light of the wealth of material available in the commentary as a whole, this is a minor problem.
4533 The best thing that can be said about this book is that it made an even bolder prediction than its near-contemporary book "Dow 36,000" did. As I write this some 17 years after its publication, I can also note that it's almost halfway to reaching its fulfillment. (Last Friday, 12/23/16, the Dow reached 19,933.) The problem is that David Elias didn't remember to tell us that it would take the Dow seventeen years to get halfway to the book's prediction, and, who knows how many decades before it ever reaches 40,000?  So, why read it? Well, occasionally it's helpful for all of us to be reminded of Tulipmania and other bubbles throughout history that have tricked people into thinking that something or other will keep going up and up and up in value, never to come crashing down. And that even smart people (for I have no doubt that Mr. Elias has a fairly high IQ) can get caught up in the frenzy and forget that nothing on this earth can continue to expand forever.
4534 William Brohaugh's "Write Tight" has proved invaluable in helping me understand not just the importance of writing tight but also how to do it. Each of the 12 chapters of the book provide important tips on counteracting wordiness. Chapter 2, which identifies 16 types of wordiness, and Chapter 3, "Prewriting Tight" (which stresses the importance of practicing concise writing with the first draft), are especially valuable. I also found Chapter 6 ("Exercises for Developing Your Awareness of Concision) and Chapter 9 ("How TIght is Too Tight") to contain excellent advice. (Chapter 9 is especially important, since, believe it or not, it is possible to go overboard in eliminating words). This is an important read for anyone who wants to be a polished writer. It is especially valuable for the person who already is a decent writer and wants to take his or her writing to the next step.
4535 This is a companion volume to "The Fundamentals of Ethics." Unlike its companion, "The Ethical Life" is an anthology. The first three parts of the book, which comprise approximately half its contents, are devoted to theoretical ethics. The three parts are titled "Value Theory," "Normative Ethics," and "The Status of Morality" and contain mostly classical selections (with a few modern ones thrown in) in ethical theory (included selections from Epicurus, J.S. Mill, Plato, Kant, Hobbes, W.D. Ross, Aristotle, and others). Altogether there are 21 fairly short selections in these three sections, which is barely adequate to cover the various alternative theories put forth over the centuries. None are probed in depth.  The fourth part, which comprises the second half of the book, and is titled "Moral Problems," is devoted to several issues in what is often called "applied ethics." Perhaps because of space limitations only a few topics are covered with more than one article. There are three articles on abortion, two on euthanasia, three on animal rights and the environment, one on world poverty, one on homosexuality, two on terrorism, one on the drug war, two on the rights of children vs. parental rights, and two that appear to be on capital punishment. Trying to cover this range of topics with so few articles is hardly sufficient to provide the student with a balanced selection of the different viewpoints.  In sum, Shafer-Landau tries to do too much in a fairly short space. As a result, nothing is done really well.
4536 The Dana and Mantey "Manual Grammar of the Greek New Testament" is an excellent grammar but not one for beginners or those who want to learn NT Greek on their own. (Machen or Mounce are better for this purpose.) It doesn't have exercises for students to practice their grammar, translate passages, etc. This is strictly a study of the various aspects of Greek grammar, one that presupposes some familiarity with the language and the basics of the grammar. As such, it functions well as a text or an aid for intermediate students (e.g., second-year Greek).  For those who are advanced enough in their study of Greek to benefit from it, it has a wealth of information. Moreover, it explains the material clearly and systematically. It has been a very useful resource over the years. Its discussion of prepositions and their meanings is unparalleled.
4537 I watched "Legally Blonde" shortly after it came out. Although the plot wasn't deep and was fairly predictable, I enjoyed it. Reese Witherspoon did a great job of acting as Elle, the girl who, having been dumped by her college sweetheart because she isn't smart enough, sets out to prove him wrong by not only getting accepted by Harvard Law School but also by excelling while she is there.  "Legally Blonde 2" was pointless. Okay. So there's this cute little dog whose mother is locked away in an animal research facility. Elle goes to Washington to seek to put an end to such research. And that's about the extent of the plot. Of course, there's a few laughs along the way, a few funny moments, but, other than as a plug for animal rights, there was little point to making this movie. (I came away from it wishing that I had used my $7.50--or whatever the price of movies was back then--as well as my time for something else.) In a nutshell, "Legally Blonde 2" joins a host of movies that have tried to play off the success of the original and have failed miserably.  The only reason I have given it three stars is because Reese Witherspoon is an outstanding actor, and is the one redeeming quality in this film.
4538 I've used my volumes of "The Christian Tradition" for close to 40 years now. As an amateur theologian and church historian I have found each one of them helpful in explaining various aspects of Christian doctrine, as well as the controversies that have arisen during the twenty centuries since the time of Christ. Although detailed and at times fairly technical, Jaroslav Pelikan's discussion and explication of the doctrine and the doctrinal controversies of the Christian church are clearly stated and accessible even to the person with no prior expertise in the field. I have found all the volumes to be beneficial, although because of my particular interest in the Christological controversies I have spent more time with the first two volumes of this set. I highly recommend this work to anyone who has more than a passing interest in the doctrines of Christianity.
4539 I love maps. I always have. And even with a GPS available I still prefer to find my way looking at maps. However, most roadmaps are useful only if you're content to stay on the main roads as you head through a state on your way to a destination. I also like to get on the backroads and explore a state when I'm in it. Generally I procure one of these DeLorme gazetteers when I know I'm going to spend some time in a state. And that's why I got this Tennessee gazetteer. Now, the gazetteers are helpful for every state, but they're especially helpful for states like Tennessee, where most of the roads aren't laid out in a grid pattern. I found that I was able to get to out-of-the-way places with this gazetteer without getting lost. And I also was able to discover streams and ponds, hiking trails, and the like because they are indicated in this gazetteer. Plus, the maps are topographical, which is a great aid in determining how hilly a particular area is going to be, which is especially useful information in a state that's as hilly as is Tennessee.
4540 I remember Ritz crackers from when I was a little kid. Back then my mom used to have a box waiting on the kitchen table when I would come home from grade school at lunch time. They were great to add to my chicken noodle soup. They cooled it off a bit and I could eat it more quickly. As an adult I began to eat Ritz crackers with a bit of peanut butter spread on them and topped off with a squirt of honey. This is still my favorite way of eating them. What I like best about them is that they haven't changed over the years. They still have that rich taste that I remember from when I was a youth. Plus, they're relatively low in sodium and fat, which, as I've grown older, has become a more important consideration.
4541 We thoroughly enjoyed this movie. The music was woven seamlessly into the storyline. The acting was superb; it was easy to empathize with the main characters. If you're looking for a lovely, little love story with good music and pathos, watch Begin Again.
4542 I have not read the book but I imagine that this movie sticks pretty close.  The story line is pretty straight-forward. Troubled kids are sent to a reform camp where they end up digging holes in the desert all day ostensibly to build character. The main character, Stanley Yelnats, is convinced that his bad fortune is due to a family curse.  Through a series of flashbacks we learn what was involved in the curse. Turns out the kid ends up unwittingly breaking the curse and bringing good fortune on his own family as well as another young inmate and his mother.  This is a funny film but a bit too sophisticated and complicated for young children.  This is exceptionally well-executed and entertaining.
4543 This is a great guide to have for timesaving tips on how to keep your house looking clean. As the person with the primary job of keeping our house clean, I'm always looking for labor-saving advice. Aslett's book contains quite a bit on every area of cleaning. A lot of it is just plain common sense. And in all likelihood, the experienced housekeeper has figured out much of it himself or herself. Even so, it's good to discover that what one has been doing all along is validated by the advice in the book. Plus, there is always more to learn when it comes to keeping a clean house.  The discussion of the cleaning supplies and equipment you will need to take care of your home is valuable. Aslett tells you what you really need to have on hand. If you pay attention his list, you will avoid buying a lot of useless and redundant gadgets.
4544 I'm pretty particular when it comes to the taste of cinnamon. I've come across a lot of products that are advertised as being cinnamon flavor, and they wind up tasting artificial or are quite weak in their taste. Not so these chips from Hershey's. They definitely have a great cinnamon flavor, one that is quite apparent not just when eating them by themselves but when baking as well. They are especially good in oatmeal drop cookies. There may even be a recipe for these cookies on the package. However, they work well with just about any oatmeal drop cookie recipe I've tried.
4545 Will and Ariel Durant co-authored "The Age of Reason Begins." It is the seventh volume in their series on the history of civilization. It covers a crucial period in the history of European civilization1568 to 1648. In England, this was the time from Elizabeth I to the time of the Interregnum, following the beheading of Charles I. In France, it was a time of civil war, during which Catholic royalists and Huguenots in turn gained the upper hand. During this time the Low Countries gained their independence from Spain through bloody warfare and considerable sacrifice. It was the age immediately following the Protestant Reformation and the Council of Trent. Finally, it was the age of the Thirty Years' War, which devastated much of central Europe.  To describe all this adequately as well as to discuss the art and literature of the period is a huge undertaking. However, this is just what the Durants have done so magnificently. This may be the best volume of all that they have written.
4546 Kenny's cinnamon licorice twists are a typical American licorice-style twistchewy and a bit waxy. They also have a fairly realistic cinnamon flavor. There are approximately 42 seven-inch twists per  pound, which means you're getting a lot for your money. Here's an ingredients list: Corn syrup, sugar, enriched wheat flour (wheat, niacin, iron, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), high fructose corn syrup, food starch modified (corn), water, glycerine, artificial flavor, palm oil, salt, citric acid, soy mono and diglycerides, potassium sorbate preservative, artificial color (FD&C Red #40). Contains wheat and soy ingredients.
4547 "Fresh from the Vegetarian Slow Cooker" has been a useful addition to our collection of cookbooks. My wife and I enjoy eating healthful, vegetarian food. As two busy adults, we often find it easier to put something in the slow cooker in the morning so that it will be ready for us in the evening. The "Vegetarian Slow Cooker" contains excellent meatless recipes that allow us to do just that.  The cookbook contains more than 200 recipes for anything from appetizers, soups and chowders, to chili and stews, potpies and pastas, desserts, breakfast dishes, and more. Almost anything vegetarian that you would want to make can be found in this cookbook, including Sloppy Lentils (one of my favorites). For those who thought that slow cookers were just useful for meat-laden dishes, this is an eye-opener. Most of the recipes are relatively easy to put together and use standard ingredients that can readily be found at the supermarket.  One caution: Slow cookers are not all created equal. The cooking times and settings are at best approximate. It is possible that you will have to adjust the time on some of these recipes. However, this is a minor drawback. In every other way, the recipes are excellent and definitely healthful.
4548 Tastykake products are made in Philadelphia, which is where my wife is from. Some years ago her sisters began sending us boxes of Tastykakes for Christmas. I had always thought that a chocolate cupcake was a chocolate cupcake, and it didn't really matter who was the manufacturer. Could these be any better than Hostess? I was skeptical. However, I was willing to try them. I was amazed. These Tastykake chocolate cupcakes were in every way superior to the others I had eaten. The cake part was moister and had a richer chocolate taste. And the icing was smoother, tasting almost like homemade. Homemade chocolate cupcakes are the best, but Tastykake comes in a close second.
4549 This is a fairly typical takeoff on the traditional Monopoly game board. Namely, the various properties have been changed to well-known golf courses in place of the various streets of Atlantic City. Otherwise it pretty much replicates the traditional Monopoly set, and, of course, the rules are the same. This would be a nice gift for the golf fanatic. However, if you have a traditional Monopoly game in good condition and you don't follow golf, there's probably not much reason for buying this particular version of the game.
4550 I have two candy addictionslicorice and dark chocolate. Having enjoyed salty European licorice for more than three decades, I was intrigued when I came across these Ghirardelli dark chocolate squares with sea salt. I had already tried several different types of Ghirardelli chocolate squares, and so I knew that the quality of the chocolate would be good. But I wasn't quite sure how this would play with salt. I was not disappointed. The chocolate is, as advertised, intense and dark, with just enough sweetness to make it palatable. And there is just enough salt to provide a distinctive and contrasting taste to the sweetness in the chocolate. Plus, the slivers of almonds gives these bars just the right amount of crunchiness. As usual, the chocolate lives up to the Ghirardelli reputation for smoothness.
4551 Pieter A. Verhoef's commentary on Haggai and Malachi combines scholarly material and practical application. it is one from which both the layperson and the OT scholar can benefit. Unlike many of the commentaries in the New International Commentary on the Old Testament series, Verhoef places a significant number of transliterated Hebrew words in the body of the text itself. Thankfully, the author provides an English translation of these words.  There is also a fair amount of interesting background material to both Haggai and Malachi, which is best read prior to studying the commentary on the text itself. This information will aid the student in understanding the text itself.
4552 Until recently I had never tasted almond butter. Looking for a more healthful alternative to peanut butter, my wife picked up a jar of Trader Joe's Crunch Almond Butter. I was surprised at how good it tasted. If you like the taste of almonds or almond paste, you'll like the taste of almond butter as well. (This almond butter also has cashews in it, but the taste of almonds predominates.) It spreads nice and smoothly and can be generally used as a substitute for peanut butter. It's a bit more expensive than peanut butter (even if you pick it up at Trader Joe's instead of online, where it's more expensive still). But it's definitely a more healthful alternative.
4553 There's nothing artificial about the taste of these Jelly Belly Juicy Pear jelly beans. They taste just like a pear. This shouldn't be surprising, seeing that Jelly Belly uses real pear-juice concentrate (according to the ingredients label). If you want your candy to turn out tasting genuine, use the real thing, and this is what Jelly Belly does. I'm not a big fan of pears, but I actually like these pear jelly beans. Another nice thing is that each bean has just 4 calories, which means if eaten in moderation this is a fairly low-calorie snack.
4554 I've always loved cashews as well as almonds and pumpkin seeds. However, I was hesitant to buy these clusters because I figured they used some gooey stuff to make the main ingredients into a cluster. Well, I needn't have worried. I tasted one and I couldn't eat just one. I was addicted. Before I knew it I had eaten my way through the package. All the ingredients were fresh and tasty. And adding the almond bits and the pumpkin seeds made it taste even better than had it been cashews alone. Plus, the gooey stuff that holds them together turned out to be tastier than I expected, and it wasn't overly sweet.
4555 For a number of years before his death at age 84 my father made homemade candies. Most of his recipes came from the Farm Journal "Homemade Candy" book. When he died, I inherited this book. This book begins with a section on how to make perfect candy, followed by a description of the major ingredients in candy making and the equipment needed to make candy. After this introductory material, the book includes many recipes for fudge, penuche, divinity and nougat, dipping chocolates and centers for dipped chocolates, fondant, candy bars, nut brittles, butterscotch and toffee, bark candy, pralines, jellied candies, caramels, taffy, hard candies, and no-cook candies. There is also a section on sugared and spiced nuts and fruit popcorn, and cereal confections. The book is approximately 200 pages long and with an average of a couple recipes per page, my estimate is that there are about 400 recipes altogether. There are certainly enough to satisfy the needs of just about everyone who is into making candy.  Although I have never followed my father into candy making (I prefer baking instead), I have fond memories of the homemade candies he made with great skill. And in a sense the apple didn't fall far from the tree, seeing that today I am a co-owner of a candy store in Lincoln, NE.
4556 Gordon Girard's "The Deeper Faith" is one of the best short (about 100 pages) discussions of the Canons of Dort, the document that laid out the "Five Points of Calvinism." These five points (or "heads of doctrine") are total depravity, unconditional election, limited (or definite) atonement, irresistible (or effectual) grace, and the perseverance (and preservation) of the saints. Girard's book devotes a chapter to each of these doctrines. The chapters begin with the Scriptures that support the doctrine, which is followed by a discussion of the points and why they are in accord with Scripture. Girod's exposition is clear and easy to follow. A final chapter, entitled "Is It a Terrible Faith?" provides a response to those who have claimed that Reformed soteriology is terrible, repulsive, or both. Girod argues that it is anything but this and that it provides real comfort to the believer. The book includes the text of the Canons of Dort.
4557 "The Beast of Revelation," by Kenneth Gentry, contains in about half the length, much of what is found in his longer work, "Dating the Book of Revelation." Written for the lay reader, it is a straightforward and easy-to-read presentation of the evidence linking the Beast of Revelation to Nero Caesar. But the book does much more than this. In addition to discussing the identity of the Beast, Gentry also devotes chapters to the relevance, number (666), and character of the Beast, as well as the war of the beast and the worship and revival of the Beast. It also presents the evidence for the early dating of the book, which Gentry argues was written somewhere between November 64 A.D. and the spring of 67 A.D., most likely somewhere in 65 A.D. One of the strongest points (in a book that has many strong points) is Gentry's discussion of the references found in the Church Fathers related to the date when Revelation was written. In this section of the book he does an excellent job of showing that the statements of the Church Fathers are consistent with the early dating of the book.  Not only is this an engaging and readable book, but it is based on solid scholarship. It is clear that Gentry has weighed the evidence carefully and has taken into account what others have written on the topic.
4558 "Rediscovering Holiness" may not be the best known of J.I. Packer's books, but it has a message that the church certainly needs to hear today. In this age of what we might call "comfortable Christianity," Packer calls the church and its members to aspire to the holiness that should proceed from a life in the process of being transformed and sanctified through the blood of Christ and the work of the Holy Spirit. In "Rediscovering Holiness," Packer shows us that holiness does matter. true, we're saved not through our personal holiness but through the completed work of Christ (something Packer makes abundantly clear). At the same time a regenerate person will bring forth the fruit of the Spirit and will begin to manifest holiness. One cannot read this book without coming to a better understanding of why holiness naturally flows out of a life that is truly regenerate.
4559 If you're someone for whom visiting a state or a part of a state means really exploring the state, getting on the backroads, finding out-of-the-way hamlets or various natural features, the Delorme atlas and gazetteer is essential. Because I'm one such person, I almost always purchase one of them when I know I'll have time to explore an area. This is why I procured a New Mexico atlas not long ago. I would suggest doing this for any state. But this is especially important for a state like New Mexico, where there are lots of areas where you might not see another human being for miles and miles. Knowing where the backroads are, as well as the many natural features shown on the maps in this atlas, can be crucial to keeping on track and not getting lost. Also, the topographical nature of these maps will give you some idea about the sort of terrain you'll encounter as you travel.
4560 The slow cooker is a life saver for the busy person who doesn't have time to cook a meal after a hard day at work. Thankfully, a number of cookbooks are available devoted exclusively to slow-cooker cooking. Of these, the "Rival Crock Pot Cooking" is one of the best. This cookbook has crock-pot main dishes featuring beef, pork and lamb, poultry, fish and seafood, beans, rice and pasta dishes, soups and sauces, vegetables, bread and cake recipes, and other desserts. With every recipe, a clear indication is given as to how long it takes in the crockpot. Because of its completeness and variety, this is one cookbook I wouldn't be without.
4561 John Brown's two-volume "1 Peter" is far more than a commentary. In fact, it is less a commentary than it is an exposition, or, as Brown himself called what he was doing, a "discourse." The result of a series of sermons preached to his congregation in Edinburgh over a period of 16 years in the early 1800s, the two volumes are divided into 24 discourses, each one on a few verses of the epistle. Written from a Reformed perspective, Brown provides a series of wonderfully perceptive theological and practical insights into the text. There are many good commentaries on the Petrine letters, but none equal what Brown has done in making the text come alive and providing a huge number of practical applications. The two volumes combined run approximately 1,200 pages, which will give some idea of the amount of material contained in them.  Brown's "I Peter" is appropriate for the layperson as well as the serious scholar. It is above all an essential work for anyone planning on preaching on First Peter.
4562 William Hendriksen's commentary on the Gospel of Luke is at once scholarly and valuable to the layperson. Hendriksen has a knack for making difficult interpretive matters easy to comprehend. Hendriksen's commitment to the Reformed faith is in evidence, but he is fair and balanced in his criticisms of those with whom he disagrees. Hendriksen's original translation of the Greek text is readable and in some ways superior to many of the translations that are on the market today.
4563 Peter O'Brien's commentary on Colossians and Philemon in the Word Biblical Commentary Series is appropriate for both the biblical scholar and the layperson. The introductory material is fairly concise (about 28 pages) but covers all the main points, including a defense of Paul's authorship of the epistle. While O'Brien frequently references the Greek text, he is careful to translate the Greek words and phrases he uses. Some years ago I was doing a study on Colossians and I found this commentary to be quite helpful.
4564 I have a lot of reasons for why I consider Kit Kat bars to be one of my favorite candy bars: 1. I love the crunchy little wafers inside the bars. Maybe it's because I love sugar wafers. Well, if you love sugar wafers, you'll love Kit Kats. 2. I love the rich flavor of the chocolate coating on the outside of the bar. 3. They're sweet without being too sweet. If you find candy bars made entirely of chocolate and a gooey, sweet caramel or nougat inside to too sweet for your taste, try Kit Kats. 4. I've never been disappointed with the quality. Kit Kat bars always taste fresh.
4565 Over the years I've tried many different varieties of Stash tea. And I've never been disappointed. This is high quality tea. As a lemon lover (as well as a tea lover) I love the taste of this lemon ginger tea. It has just enough of a lemony taste to be appealing without being overpowering. And the subtle hint of ginger comes through as well. And, because it's entirely caffeine free, it's good at any time. I especially like it in the evening after dinner. And also when my throat is a bit raspy. It's quite soothing to the throat.
4566 I've always loved just about every type of licorice. However, when I'm looking for a piece of soft, sweet licorice, my first preference is Kookaburra. I love its strong licorice flavor and its molasses taste, both of which back memories of the licorice I ate when I was a child. As an added benefit, It's soft enough and really easy to chew. And if you store it in a cool dry place (but not in the refrigerator) it will stay fresh for a long time.  For those who are interested, here's a list of ingredients: Wheat flour, glucose syrup (from wheat, contains sulfites), treacle (sugar, water, salt), molasses, sugar, water, modified corn starch, fully hydrogenated coconut oil, color (caramel), licorice extract, aniseed oil, salt, mono- & diglycerides (emulsifier), potassium sorbate (preservative), vegetable oil (coconut) and carnauba wax (glazing agent). No artificial colors, no artificial flavors. Made in a facility that uses peanuts and tree nuts (almonds, brazil nuts, hazelnuts, walnuts). May contain milk and soy.
4567 Cactus flavored Lakerl pastilles from Sweden are a bit sweeter in taste than are the tradition licorice and herb menthol varieties. Although cactus flavored, there's a hint of menthol as well. They are great for soothing the throat and also a great for the breath. They are sweetened with stevia and are quite low calorie. Two pastilles are just five calories. They come in a handy little cardboard flip-top box that fits easily into a shirt pocket. Their pleasant taste lingers in your mouth.
4568 Of the many books I've read on simplicity, "The Simple Life" by Vernard Eller is one of the best. Based squarely on biblical principles, it argues that the ultimate goal of simplicity is not to be less cumbered by possessions, is not to leave a smaller ecological footprint, is not to have more to give to others. Although all of these (and more) are worthy goals, the ultimate purpose of living simply is so that one can find ultimate joy in God and in God alone. As Eller says, "One is living the simple life when his ultimate loyalty is directed solely to God and when, in consequence, he lets every other concern flow out of, fall in behind, and witness to this one" (p. 28). Or, as he says elsewhere, "The sole motive of Christian simplicity is the enjoyment of God Himself" (p. 121). Or, again: "Christian simplicity is so to use 'things' that, first, they do not interfere with one's absolute joy in God, and, second, they actually point toward and contribute to that joy" (p. 122).  For anyone who finds the idea of living simply fascinating or who wants to have a spiritual underpinning for living simply I recommend this book.
4569 Originally published in 1954 as two separate volumes, Wm. Hendriksen's commentary on the Gospel of John is one of the best there is on the Fourth Gospel. The edition under review, which includes both volumes, runs some 750 pages. However, while scholarly, it is not pedantic. Like the other volumes in the New Testament Commentary set (the last four volumes, from Hebrews through Revelation, having been written by Simon Kistemaker after the death of Hendriksen) it is quite accessible to the layperson. Although there are references to the Greek text, a knowledge of Greek is not necessary to understanding this commentary. For the most part, technical points are discussed in footnotes.  Hendriksen provides his own translation of John's Gospel. On the whole this is on a par with and in some instances even superior to other translations.  Besides the commentary on the text of John itself, Hendriksen provides a fairly extensive introduction (approximately 65 pages) in which he discusses authorship, date, and place, readers and purpose, characteristics, grammar, and the theme and divisions within the book. His discussion of the authorship of the Gospel is especially good, and he makes a compelling case for why John the disciple of Christ is indeed the author of the book.
4570 Over the past several weeks Ive received four selfie sticks from various companies in exchange for an honest review. Of all of them them, this is the most solidly constructed. While all four use a telescoping pole, this one from Okeyn has the least "give" to it. As result, it feel quite secure. You can easily adjust it to three different lengths, which you can then lock into place. Fully extended, the pole measures close to four feet. The adjustable phone holder can hold an iPhone 6 with case securely in place. The phone holder has two rubberized pads to keep the holder from scratching the phone.  The selfie stick comes with an attachment that allows you to place the selfie stick in a tripod.
4571 The New Testament Commentary series was begun in the 1950s by William Hendriksen. His death in the early 1980s prevented him from finishing the series. Thankfully, Simon J. Kistemaker, professor of New Testament at Reformed Seminary, has proved a worthy successor, as the volumes he has contributed clearly illustrate. HIs commentary on Acts is no exception.  Written in a style that is at once reasonably scholarly but understandable by the layperson, Kistemaker presents a careful verse-by-verse analysis of the Acts of the Apostles. By placing technical points in footnotes and setting off comments on the Greek text from the main text of the commentary, Kistemaker, following the practice instituted by Hendriksen, provides the reader with a main text that is not encumbered by points that will be mostly of interest for the NT scholar.  Kistemaker's commentary also has some helpful introductory material, including a discussion on the dating of the book of Acts, an issue that is important in determining the dating of Luke. (Since Acts forms a sequel to Luke, determining the date of Acts sets the approximate date of Luke as well.)  This is certainly a valuable tool for anyone wishing to do a study of the Book of Acts.
4572 I love the taste of black raspberry, and without a doubt Smucker's Black Raspberry Jelly delivers that taste. Put simply, it's the best brand available on the supermarket shelf. It's not at all watery, like some jellies, but is nice and thick with a rich black raspberry flavor. I love it, not just on toast, but also as a topping on pancakes and french toast and as a sweetener for my homemade yogurt. The only black raspberry jelly I've ever had that's been as good as Smucker's is what my mom used to make when I was growing up. Smucker's is the closet thing to hers I've ever tasted.
4573 I've been part of the evangelical community most of my nearly seven decades of life and consider myself to have a pretty good handle on most movements within the community. Having heard the term "emergent church" bandied about for several years, I decided to ask several pastors and Christian scholars to give me a definition of the emergent church. What I discovered was that this term has so much fluidity and has so many different meanings (whether the definition is from an advocate or a critic of this movement), that it's nearly impossible to give a definition that applies to all advocates of this thing called "the emergent church." It's not even clear that there is an essential core of characteristics that one can point to. Thankfully, D. A. Carson, in "Becoming Conversant with the Emerging Church," has done an excellent job in clarifying this movement as much as is humanly possible. His book is easy to understand and reads well.
4574 Years ago the Mar Candy Company manufactured a candy bar called Forever Yours. As I recall, it was just like th Milky Way, except that its outer coating was dark chocolate rather than milk chocolate. Then one day it disappeared from the shelves. It was one of my favorites.  Thankfully, the Milky Way Midnight that is now available is nearly identical to the Forever Yours bar that I used to eat as a kid. It has the same creamy dark chocolate exterior with a caramel and nougat interior. This candy bar is a worthy replacement for the old Forever Yours.
4575 The pepper grinders I've had till now have been bulky and take two hands to operate. When I received this Epar Stainless Steel Salt and Pepper Grinder Set in exchange for writing an honest review I was happy to see that it was compact and could be used with one hand. Eager to try it, I put some peppercorns in the one and coarse salt in the other. To do this you have to unscrew the tubular stainless steel piece at the dispensing end of the grinder. You then put the pepper or salt in the main body of the grinder.  Once I had the peppercorns and salt in I tried the grinders. They work, although pushing the button on top takes some effort, and if you don't have very strong hands you might want to use one hand to hold the grinder while you push the button with the thumb of the other hand. The grind is medium to fine.  Having a glass display is nice, because it allows you to see at a glance which is the pepper grinder and which is the salt grinder.  All in all, this is a convenient and easy to use grinder. I highly recommend it.
4576 Thomas is imprisoned as a 10 year-old in Auschwitz. His father dies. He is separated from his beloved mother. He is utterly alone. And yet, of course, he isn't alone. Others in the camp take an interest in him. He is a saavy little fellow and figures out what he can do to help himself. He survives, thrives and eventually succeeds at the highest levels of educational and professional success. This is a well-written and compelling memoir. It is recounted in a matter-of-fact manner, which makes it even more compelling when you consider the deeply emotional and disturbing nature of the events.
4577 I bought my first pair of these shoes more than ten years ago. They were simply the most comfortable pair of dress shoes I ever had. Not only did they look nice, but their soles gripped well on icy surfaces, which, living in a northern climate, as I do, is especially important. In fact, I felt as safe on ice with these shoes as I did with my running shoes, which is saying a lot. Eventually, after a decade of wear, the soles began to wear out. I decided it was time for another pair of shoes. I went to the same store where I had gotten my first pair and was delighted to find the exact same style of ECCO shoes as I had bought originally. Needless to say, I made up my mind immediately. I've had the new pair for a couple years and they still look the way they did when I first put them on. My only hope is that ten years down the road they're still making them. I'm figuring that for what I paid for them (and they aren't cheap) I'm spending less than fifteen dollars a year on dress shoes. I consider that to be quite a bargain. And as far as comfort goes, they're the only pair of dress shoes I've ever had that I can wear all day without my feet becoming extremely uncomfortable.
4578 Ive made homemade yogurt for more than 40 years and have always used the Yogourmet Yogurt Starter. Five years ago a friend introduced me to Kefir. I went out and bought some and also read about the health benefits of it. Since it tasted good and I knew it aided digestion, I began eating it regularly. I decided to see whether I could find Kefir starter. I went to our health food store, and they had Yogourmet Kefir Starter next to the yogurt starter. I picked up a box. I quickly discovered that the kefir starter is just as good as the yogurt starter and is actually easier to make. (It can be mixed at room temperature.) If you reserve a bit of kefir, you can use the same culture over and over. I've been able to use a single culture for a few months without any loss of quality. I can highly recommend Yogourmet Kefir Starter to anyone interested in making their own kefir.
4579 I first became familiar with Schopenhauer's "The World as Will and Representation" when I was a graduate student in philosophy. Later I would have the privilege of examining this work as part of a upper-division nineteenth-century philosophy course I was teaching. I found him to be a breath of fresh air and clarity compared to the other Continental nineteenth-century philosophers such as Hegel. Drawing on the Kantian doctrine of the thing-in-itself as well as non-Western thought, he located the ultimate principle of reality in the irrational will. The resulting pessimism is out of step with the Absolute Idealism of nineteenth century Germany. Schopenhauer had no trouble taking his fundamental principle to its ultimate conclusion. Schopenhauer had few disciples in his day, and even today he is sometimes ignored. However, his perspective deserves a careful reading. Volume 1 of "The World as Will and Representation" contains the first four books of "The World as Will and Representation," which include the first and second "aspects" of the World as Representation and the World as Will.
4580 As someone trained in logic and who taught college-level logic classes for twenty years, I was already familiar with Epstein's "Propositional Logics" and "Predicate Logic" when I came upon his "The Theory of Gambling and Statistical Logic." Since I fancy myself as having at least a passing interesting in the topic I decided to give it a go. I'm used to engaging in rigorous thinking and following detailed arguments. However, I found this to be extremely challenging, and, quite frankly, there were times when I got lost in the seemingly endless steps in Epstein's argument. Despite this, the book has value to the person who has the background and the willingness to carefully plow through it. However, this is not the book you want if you just desire an overview of the statistical theory behind gambling. If you're really prepared to do the work required to understand what is going on, it may prove rewarding.
4581 Nutmeg is a very useful spice to have on hand, and I find that I'm always using it. And for years I was always running out of it because I was buying it in the little jars from the spice section of our local supermarket. Once the store started carrying Badia spices I was able to buy them in much larger quantities. I could see immediately that the price per ounce was far less than I had been paying. The one question was quality. So, I took a chance on a 16-ounce container of nutmeg. The flavor was great and the spice was just as strong as I had been using. If you use a lot of nutmeg, buy it in this quantity. It's good and reasonably priced.
4582 A few years ago while on vacation, I discovered these Claey's sanded lemon drops. Now, I've love lemon drops ever since I was a kid, but these lemon drops are special. What makes them so good is that they have a strong, sour lemon flavor, that lasts a long time in your mouth, especially if you just let the drops dissolve in your mouth. These 17-calorie hard lemon squares are hands down the best. Made with sugar, corn syrup, citric acid, and natural lemon flavor, they are entirely fat-free. If you like lemon drops, you'll love these.
4583 Almonds are my favorite nut, and Blue Diamond Almonds are my favorite brand of almonds. Over the years I've tried various brands, and I keep coming back to Blue Diamond. Why? Because I can always be guaranteed that they're fresh. There's nothing more annoying than getting an almond that tastes bitter, which has happened with other brands. Not so with Blue Diamond. They always taste just right. And they're nice and plump as well. I really like the Whole Natural variety, since I prefer to eat my almonds unsalted.
4584 These candy canes from Hammond are just about the best candy canes I've ever tasted. Not only are they big enough that you can eat one little by little (the nutritional label indicates that one candy cane is three servings), but they have a really powerful peppermint taste. They have a nice, hard texture, much like those I remember from when I was a kid. And they aren't all that high in calories. According to the wrapper, one serving (1/3 of a candy cane) is just 45 calories. Compared to chocolates and some other candies, this isn't all that much. So, you can enjoy the taste without worrying about ruining your diet.
4585 These little, sweet buttons are a great introduction to richly flavored Dutch licorice. Firm but chewy, they have a deep taste that comes from a healthy dose of licorice extract and the molasses that helps both to sweeten these buttons and enrich their taste. Although sweet, they are not as sweet as a lot of American licorice. Their sweetness is tempered by the addition of a small amount of aluminum chloride (salmiak salt), which provides a slight hint of saltiness as well as sweetness.
4586 We make a variety of Indian dishes at our house and Neera's Garam Masala comes in handy for many of them. It's one of the traditional Indian seasonings, and a number of our recipes call for it. Its listed ingredients are cinnamon, black pepper, cardamom, and other spices. In addition to using it in meat dishes and mulligatawny soup, we sometimes season stir-fried vegetables with it. It's definitely a versatile seasoning, and works well with more than just Indian food. One thing I like about this seasoning blend is that it contains no sodium or sugar.
4587 I received one of these Midnight Reverie bars as a stocking stuffer this past Christmas. I quickly discovered that this is the perfect dark chocolate bar. It is truly intense dark chocolate. Made with 86% cacao there is just the slightest hint of sweetness. The texture is really smooth and the intense chocolate flavor is amazingly rich and full-bodied. This is not for the faint of heart or those looking for a semisweet dark chocolate bar. However, if you're in the market for a genuine no-nonsense chocolate, this is the one for you.
4588 My parents bought one of the original editions of Monopoly in the 1930s. I grew up in the 1950s playing their game. It had wooden tokens, and the $500 bills were a deeper gold than any I've seen since. I still have that game, except for the original box. And it's still in good shape, other than that the board is starting to fall apart at the fold. The problem is that if you don't have that edition you're going to have to pay a lot for it, if you can even find someone selling it.  However, the "classic edition," which is currently on the market, is as close to the original as you're going to get. The board looks the same, and it's a bifold (rather than a quarter fold) board. The tokens are the classic ones as well. (These are not the tokens that came with the original 1930s game, but are the same as the ones that came with the game that was produced in the 1950s.) And, of course, unlike the new, updated version, everything is just like it's always been--the railroads, the different properties, the prices, everything. Every once in a while a game comes along that is so perfect that nothing should be changed. Monopoly is one of those games. This is why you should buy and play the classic edition.
4589 These Lakritz Batzen combine the strong licorice flavor typical of European licorice with the texture of a gumdrop. Covered with a light sugar coating, they are nice and sweet with just a hint of salt. These are a great treat for someone who loves licorice but might have trouble chewing some of the harder varieties on the market. Here's a list of ingredients: Sugar, glucose fructose syrup, brown sugar syrup, gelatin, licorice extract (4%), apple puree, ammonium chloride, natural flavorings, fennel oil.
4590 These Haribo strawberry wheels are a great treat for the red licorice lover. They're firm but chewy, and the strawberry flavor is strong without being overwhelming. Without a doubt they are a cut above Twizzlers. These wheels can be pulled apart and made into strings suitable for decorating cookies and other sweets. The one drawback is that they are flavored with high fructose corn syrup. This is the only reason for not giving it five stars.  Here's a list of ingredients: High fructose corn syrup, wheat flour, sugar, sorbitol syrup, citric acid, artificial and natural flavors, artificial color: Red 40, vegetable oil, beeswax, carnauba wax.
4591 As someone who loves exploring the states in the mid-section of the country (in part because they are generally within a day's drive of Nebraska where I live) I make sure that I have a gazetteer before I set out. That's why I procured one for Arkansas. I'm glad I did. Some states are laid out on a grid pattern, which makes getting from one place to another rather intuitive. However, states such as Arkansas have many roads that wind around the hills that form such a large part of the state. The typical road atlas doesn't show the secondary roads. But the gazetteer does. And often one can find shortcuts in getting from one place to another that aren't shown in a road atlas. (And the overall condition of the back roads is also indicated.) Plus, some of the more out-of-the-way places aren't shown on a road atlas at all. And whether you're looking for a route to get you from one point to another, trails, boat landings, state parks, little lakes and ponds, or creeks, you'll find them in this Arkansas gazetteer. If you're planning on really exploring the state, you'll want to pick up this gazetteer.
4592 My memory of cotton candy from when I was a kid is that it is mostly sweet. These Jelly Belly cotton-candy jelly beans are also very sweet. But, just like cotton candy, these jelly beans are so good. And if you can stop after just a few of them they're a relatively low-calorie snack, just 4 calories per bean. If you can't stop eating them, don't worry. Short of eating the genuine article, they're as good a reminder of cotton candy as you can find, and they're not the least bit sticky.
4593 Rosaria Butterfield was reared in the Catholic Church but had left the faith by the time she was an adult. She received a doctorate in English and became a tenured professor at Syracuse University and part of the Women's Study Program. She also became a Lesbian. "The Secret Thoughts of an Unlikely Convert" describes how such became a Christian and turned her back on Lesbianism. It also describes her experiences as a new Christian, her marriage, and her more recent life as a wife and a homeschooling mom. Although the entire book is interesting, the first part, which leads up to and includes her conversion, the first part is more so. In the latter part she gets into issues that will be of less interest to the average reader, such as why she believes that the regulative principle of worship requires us to conclude that during corporate worship our singing should be exclusively of the Psalms without musical accompaniment.
4594 We thoroughly enjoy Bill Murray so we were predisposed to like this movie. We were not disappointed. The story has heart but is not maudlin. The acting is superb. We laughed a little. It was not hilarious but it had some funny moments. This is not just a feel-good movie--it has depth and is a good reminder that if you scratch the surface you can find the humanity in anybody.
4595 Every year at Christmas we receive one of these Colin Street Bakery fruitcakes as a gift. And every year we look forward to it with eager anticipation. These are simply the bestfull of nut, fruit, and flavor, and nice and moist. They compare favorably with any fruitcake we've ever had. Also, if refrigerated, they last several weeks without getting stale. (Not that they usually last that long around our house, for we generally finish ours within a few days of its arrival.) I would highly recommend these either for personal consumption or as a gift for someone you want to make really happy.
4596 For any serious exploration of a state The Atlas and Gazetteer is crucial. That's why I procured a copy of the Wyoming gazetteer when planning a vacation that included a couple weeks in Wyoming. The typical road atlas map is fine if you're just going to stick to the main highways or the interstate. But if you're going to find out-of-the-way places or are looking for time-saving shortcuts, having an atlas that shows secondary roads and even off-road trails is important. This gazetteer shows these and also indicates features such as the smallest of lakes and ponds, and rivers and creeks.
4597 As a baseball fan of six decades and an avid reader of the history of the game, I was delighted to come across this title not long ago. When I perused the book I was even happier. To begin with, this is a beautifully laid out book, with glossy pages and hundreds (thousands?) of pictures, some black and white, some in color, of the great ballparks of the past and present. Beginning with a short section on the pre-ballpark era, the next part of the book covers the ballparks constructed in the "classic" era (1909-1915), such as Shibe Park (Connie Mack Stadium), Forbes Field, Wrigley Field, Ebbets Field, Fenway Park, and many more. Following this is a description of the stadiums built in 1923-1962, the "Superstadiums" (many of them the cookie-cutter multipurpose stadiums that have since been torn down), and finally the more recently constructed "Retro" ballparks.  For a book that has so many photographs, there is also a lot of text, which briefly describes the history of these various parks, as well as some of the most important moments in these ballparks. There is so much valuable information in here that it is difficult to assimilate it all.  The only thing I found lacking was diagrams showing the dimensions of these parks. But this is a small quibble, considering the excellence of the book as a whole.
4598 "Health Springs Eternal," by Sauciron, immediately struck a responsive chord with me. For more than four decades now I've been an advocate of preventive, holistic medicine, and have tried to faithfully practice it in my life. Thus, it was good to find someone who has studied the various ailments that afflict both men and women and who is willing to provide a specific regimen of vitamin and mineral supplements, along with exercise, as a way of helping those afflicted by them, or, better yet, preventing their occurrence in the first place.  Sauciron has thoroughly researched the issue and covers all the most common ailments and diseases (many of which afflict both men and women, some of which are specific to females) and provides a list of the specific supplements (and dosages) that are optimal for maintaining health and preventing these illnesses from occurring.  This book is compactly written. It doesn't waste words and gets right to the point.  I received a free electronic copy of this book in exchange for writing an honest review.
4599 During the nearly 30 years I taught introductory college-level philosophy courses I used various texts and anthologies. "Reason and Responsibility," edited by Joel Feinberg, is one of the best. The chosen selections are well balanced and represent the major positions on the various issues covered. And all the central areas of philosophy are discussed as well. Both classical and contemporary readings are well represented. The editorial introductions to each section of the text are helpful and clearly written so that the student who is not well versed in philosophy can understand them.
4600 John Watts argues that there is a unified theme and vision underlying the entire book of Isaiah. Accordingly, he argues for the unity of the book, the result of a single author (or redactor) who lived during the late sixth century before Christ. (By setting the date where he does he avoids the issue of whether Isaiah 44-45 is a genuine prediction of future events.)  Here are the commentary's strong points. It is quite readable and accessible to the layperson. Second, Watts shows familiarity with the geographical, societal, and cultural background of the nations of the ancient Mideast. This helps to illuminate references that would otherwise remain obscure. Third, by stressing a unified theme, Watts is able to tie together what might otherwise be seen as disparate and unconnected prophecies.  The commentary also has a few weak points. First, given the wide range of interpretations of Isaiah, it would have been helpful had he interacted with other interpretations in more detail to show why he believes his own interpretation is correct. Second, his interpretation is rather speculative and one is left feeling that it may not be the correct interpretation of Isaiah. Finally, some of his interpretations may be more a result of his overall approach to the book as a whole and not an interpretation required by the text.
4601 The first thing I want to note is that this is not a general history of the church during the middle ages. As the title indicates, its scope is more limited. As a result, a lot of the framework necessary for gaining an overview of the church itself during this time is either ignored or mentioned only briefly. Accordingly, this book is best suited for those who already have some familiarity with the Middle Ages in Western Europe, and I would highly recommend a reader have or gain such an overview prior to reading this book by R.W. Southern. Although it will be of some value to anyone reading it, those who already have a background in medieval history will be able to gain far more from reading this book.  As far as the topic of this book is concerned, which, as the title makes clear, involves the ongoing interaction between society as a whole and the church as an institution during the period between 700-1520, Southern does an excellent job of covering the issues. I found his discussion of the divisions within Christendom as well as his fairly detailed descriptions of the various religious orders to be fascinating and perhaps the most original contribution of this book. This book contains information not found in more general histories of the period.
4602 Writing a commentary on the book of Proverbs is a daunting task, and Roland Murphy does a pretty good job of it in his contribution to the Word Biblical Commentary series. He follows the format found in the WBC volumes as a whole. He provides an original translation, one that is helpful in understanding the meaning of the text and that casts a different light on some of the proverbs than given by many of the readily available translations. Technical notes on the translation are found in footnotes that follow immediately the passage being translated. There then follows a section (Form/Structure/ Setting) that provides background to the passage in question, and finally a commentary on the passage, with an explanation of that passage.  This is a scholarly commentary, one that will be of most benefit to someone with a working knowledge of Hebrew. However, there is enough information that does not depend on an ability to read Hebrew that Murphy's commentary will be of benefit to a layperson as well. The biggest problem (and one that is somewhat hard to overcome in a one-volume commentary on Proverbs) is that with the limited amount of space that can be devoted to the verse-by-verse explication, it is hard to come up with a discussion of the individual proverbs that covers them in any depth or in any way looks at the practical applications to them.
4603 I've had my copy of the TDNT for more than thirty years and I consider it my most valuable reference work when it comes to studying the Greek NT. The TDNT includes extensive entries for every word found in the Greek NT, and not only discusses in detail that word's usage in the NT but also in extra-biblical sources, such as the Septuagint, Judaism, the Church Fathers, and Greek philosophy. Volume 8 consists of entries for words beginning with Tau and Upsilon.  If you're building your copy of the TDNT one or two volumes at a time, purchase Volume 10 as quickly as possible. Volume 10 contains several indexes, all of which are helpful in locating the discussion of the word you're looking for. Without Volume 10 the process of finding the relevant information will prove to be more difficult.
4604 "Worldview: The HIstory of a Concept" provides an excellent summary of the concept as found in the writings of a variety of philosophers and theologians. Beginning with the concept as found in Protestant and then Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox thinkers, David Naugle goes on to look at the idea as discussed by philosophers, from Immanuel Kant (who used the German equivalent "Weltanschauung"), to it use in the writings of Hegel, Kierkegaard, Dilthey, Nietzsche, Husserl, Jaspers, Heidegger, and Wittgenstein. Naugle goes on to discuss the similar concepts found in the philosophers and historians of science, such as Michael Polanyi and Thomas Kuhn. As someone who had already studied this concept, I found the book to be a great summary and review.  In the last three chapters, Naugle provides his own analysis of what is a worldview. This part of the book left me with a number of questions, particularly because Naugle never makes entirely clear the extent to which he sees the concept of rationality as being intra-worldview rather than extra-worldview. Nor does it become evident to what extent he believes it is possible to set aside the presuppositions that govern one's worldview in examining evidence. While Naugle seems to accept a fairly modest presuppositionalist approach to apologetics it is less than clear what his attitude toward evidentialist apologetics might be. Despite this weakness, the book is worth Five Stars because of the wealth of material contained in the earlier chapters.i
4605 Crowdfunding was a concept all but unknown before the advent of the internet and social media. Over the past several years it has become an increasingly popular way to fund projects. However, as Step-by-step Crowdfunding, by Joseph Hogue, points out, a majority of crowd funding attempts do not reach their goal, and some wind up raising nothing. How to run a successful crowd funding campaign is the message of the book.  The subtitle of the book, "Everything You Need to Raise Money From the Crowd," is an apt description of its contents, since Hogue covers clearly and in detail every aspect of crowdfunding. The book is divided into three parts, the first two of roughly equal length, the third much shorter. The first part is Pre-Launch Crowdfunding. It covers such topics as shaping a successful crowdfunding idea, choosing a crowdfunding platform, campaign research, setting realistic goals, creating and driving visitors to your campaign blog, and marketing.  Part Two of the book is Running a Successful Crowdfunding Campaign. Here Hogue focuses on the campaign itself, emphasizing issues such as how to build community around your campaign, getting the best bang for your crowdfunding marketing, and keeping your community motivated.  The last section, Post-Campaign Fulfillment and Community, discusses how to fulfill your promises and keep the momentum going.  Anyone who is considering a campaign should first read this book. For that matter, even if you're not planning on a crowdfunding venture, reading this book is still valuable, since several of its chapters contain worthwhile general information on using social media to your advantage.  I received a pdf copy of this book from the author in exchange for writing an honest preview, which I am happy to provide.
4606 If your goal is to get through Oregon on the way to some other destination you won't need this Delorme atlas and gazetteer. A simple roadmap will suffice. However, if you're planning on spending time in Oregon, as I had the opportunity to do recently, there's nothing handier to have along than this gazetteer. I was able to find various secondary and back roads that allowed me to take shortcuts and also to access out-of-the way places (for instance, small lakes and ponds and little hamlets) that made my stay far more enjoyable and gave me a feel for the area that I wouldn't have had if I hadn't been able to travel the back roads. I also appreciated that various trails were shown and trailheads clearly marked, since this gave me the opportunity to do some serious hiking. And, with the maps being topographical, I was able to tell in advance what sort of terrain I would be encountering.
4607 The Amana Colonies are a drive of not much more than five hours from our home in eastern Nebraska. As a result, my wife and I have visited them on several occasions. As someone who has had a longstanding interest in various nonconforming religious groups such as the Amish, the Mennonites, and the Hutterites, I've found our visits to the Amana Colonies to be fascinating, and not just for the great fruit wines and excellent craft beers that are available. I've been interested in the history of the colonies for some time, but had never gotten around to reading a book-length description of the the Amana Society. That all changed when, on our last visit, I came across a copy of this book by Peter Hoehnie. It's not a particularly long book, but it is a great introduction to the history and culture of the society. I recommend it as a good overview.
4608 My wife and I received this "Cooking for Two" cookbook as a gift from our daughter this past Christmas. As empty nesters, most of the time it's just the two of us sharing a meal, and so we don't need recipes that will feed a small army. In the five months we've had this cookbook, we've made dishes from it on average a couple times a week. Everything we've made has turned out well. The approximately 130 recipes are divided into these categories: Eye-opening breakfasts, simple salads and sandwiches, savory soups, stews and chilis, pleasing poultry, bountiful beef and pork, sensational seafood and pasta, great go-alongs, delectable desserts. Many of these recipes can be put together in a matter of minutes, and they're all relatively simple to make. A few of our favorites are "Cantina Tortilla Soup" (p. 64), "Patty's Blonde Chicken Chili" (p. 82), "Smothered Sicilian Cubed Steak" (p. 132), "Saut&eacute;ed Shrimp with Basil Cream Sauce" (p. 160), and "Mexican Pasta Bake" (p. 186).  Many of these recipes can be doubled, which we do frequently so that we can have leftovers the next night.
4609 These soft licorice drops are a traditional Dutch licorice. The drops are soft in texture and dome-shaped in taste. They have a healthy dose of licorice extract and therefore have a strong licorice flavor and are sweet with just the slightest hint of the saltiness that is characteristic of Dutch licorice. Soft Licorice Drops are a great introduction to Dutch licorice and a perfect treat if you like genuine old-fashioned licorice.
4610 Over the past four years I've used Charles Spurgeon's "Morning and Evening" as my daily devotional reading. Sometimes I've done both morning and evening, at other times one or the other. Each time through Spurgeon's daily meditations I come across pearls of wisdom I hadn't noticed before. This is one devotional book that has depth without being pedantic. As a Reformed Christian, I find myself in agreement with almost everything Spurgeon has to say. (His Reformed perspective is clearly in evidence from time to time.)  I've read this devotional book both in its original language (definitely nineteenth century British English) with the KJV as the text and in the updated version (in somewhat contemporary English), keyed to the NIV, and I recommend them both. Although some of Spurgeon's allusions are a bit obscure (an issue that is found in the contemporary English version as well), for the most part he is quite readable. And his Bible-based wisdom is as applicable today as it was when Spurgeon wrote these meditations nearly two centuries ago.
4611 This is the second Emma Child book I've read. Like the other ("Rabbits"), this is a true winner. First, the pictures (lots of themusually four to a page) are outstanding and clear. And the layout is perfect, blending the right mix of text and pictures.  Best of all is the text. Written so that children can easily understand it, it contains plenty information adults will find interesting. For example, I learned that tigers can be 11 feet long and weigh up to 850 pounds, that their teeth are as long as four inches, that the largest species of tigers is the Siberian tiger (followed by the Bengal tiger), that they are extremely strong swimmers, that unlike domestic cats they love water, and that they are happy to share their prey with other tigers (unlike lions, who are selfish when it comes to their food). And that's just some of what I learned.  Emma Child is an entertaining and accomplished writer and her style is succinct and to the point. It took me less than 15 minutes to read this book, but it was time well spent.
4612 The Darrell Lea strawberry twists have great flavor and are a real chewy delight. Unlike the Darrell Lea soft eating licorice these two-inch twists have a bit more of a traditional licorice texture and require a little bit more chewing. However, they're definitely not hard. In many ways they're similar in size, shape, and texture to the traditional Kookaburra twists. The following is a list of ingredients: Sugar, wheat flour, wheat glucose syrup, water, treacle, modified food starch or wheat fiber, palm oil, artificial strawberry flavor, citric acid, mono & diglycerides, salt, licorice extract, Red 40, sodium bicarbonate.
4613 I became interested in Trains Magazine in 1968 when I was renting a room in a Baltimore row house and living across the hall from a trainee for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I had always enjoyed trains, but was not really a railfan at the time. I began reading this fellow's back issues of Trains and became hooked. In January 1971 I began subscribing to Trains and have never missed an issue since. I hope to have a subscription for as long as I'm alive.  Over the years I've been consistently impressed by the quality of the magazine, both in terms of its layout and it content. Every issue has a wide range of articles and features on the business side, the technology, and the relationship of the industry to government, while at the same time providing plenty of interesting articles for the general railfan, the nostalgia buff, and the like. There's something for everyone in every issue. While I find some articles more fascinating than others, primarily because some hit more specifically on my areas of interest, I read them all, since it's helpful to know about all aspects of railroading, even if it's not in one's area of special interest.  I've also been consistently pleased with the fulfillment of my subscription. I can count on my copy arriving in my mailbox at about the same time every month. It's been that way for more than 43 years. This is a great track record.
4614 Emilio Nuez C has provided a well-balanced description of liberation theology as well as a careful refutation of certain of its presuppositions. Nuez, whose work is translated into English by Paul Sywulka, was born in El Salvador and has a great deal of firsthand experience with the social and political factors that underlie liberation theology, a movement that began in Latin America, although it has since spread to other parts of the globe. Beginning with the history of liberation theology, Nuez discusses the European roots of liberation theology as well as the influence of the social order and the revolution movements of Latin America. He then looks more specifically at the methodology of liberation theology and shows how it differs from traditional theology both in methodology and in its presuppositions. After discussing some of the main themes of liberation theology (such as Jesus as the Liberator), he offers a critique of this movement and shows where it fails to be true to Scripture. Although this book was originally published thirty or so years ago, it remains an important contribution to the debate over liberation theology. It also serves as an excellent introduction to this movement.
4615 The first season of "Archie Bunker's Place" is as good as are the last seasons of "All in the Family." Although there are some additional characters, including Murray, Archie's new partner in the bar, and Veronica, the cook with the drinking problem (and the gay nephew, whose tenure as a waiter lasts just one episode--during which Archie tries everything he can think of to make him "straight"), there is a significant amount of continuity as well. Edith remains a major character, although she doesn't appear in every episode. Stephanie continues as part of the Bunker household, and becomes a more major figure than she was when she first came on the set the previous season. And even Mike, Gloria, and Joey show up for a two-part Thanksgiving special. So, it still has the feel of "All in the Family," and that's part of what makes it such a great show.  Also, Sammy Davis, Jr., who appeared in an episode several years earlier, makes an encore appearance. And the blind Mr. Van Rensaeler becomes a fixture at the bar. All in all, the first year of "Archie Bunker's Place" remains as poignant and funny as the last few years of "All in the Family."
4616 Ground flaxseed is not only good for you but it's also quite versatile. I put it in my homemade yogurt as well as in my homemade granola, and I've used it several times when I make homemade multigrain bread. My wife uses it in her daily smoothies. Because the flaxseed is finely ground it mixes in easily. If you eat it straight from the package you'll find that it is surprisingly good. It has a nutty taste.  Spectrum Ground Flaxseed is organic and is a great source of Omega-3 fatty acids, which are generally underrepresented in the typical American diet. It is vegan and gluten free, which is an added benefit. Refrigerate after opening. (It can also be frozen.)
4617 Snyder's of Hanover has been making pretzels for a long time, and they certainly do it right. I've been purchasing their pretzels for a long time but only recently tried these honey mustard and onion flavored pretzels. I'm pleasantly pleased by the flavor. There's definitely a taste of both of these ingredients and they blend together surprisingly well. The package I tried was fresh and crunchy and in every way lived up to the expectations I have come to have when it comes to Snyder's pretzels.
4618 Whenever I plan on exploring a part of a state I pick up a gazetteer, and over the past few years I've accumulated about 20 of them. A roadmap may be okay if you're just planning on traveling through on an interstate or other major highway. But for anything more than that the gazetteer is invaluable. I find these gazetteers especially helpful in states like Tennessee where the roads are not laid out on a grid pattern. On several occasions while in Tennessee I was able to get someplace quicker by taking a shortcut on a back road that didn't show up on a roadmap. Plus, I was able to soak in a little of the local culture. In addition to showing most all the roads, including gravel and dirt roads, the gazetteer marks state parks, campsites, places of interest, little lakes and ponds, trails, and the like.
4619 Written in 1970, Ernest Sandeen's book does an excellent job of tracing the history of fundamentalism through 1930. Acknowledging that fundamentalism is much broader than "millenarianism" (a species of premillennialism that stresses the rapture of the church followed by the imminent return of Christ to establish an earthly kingdom from Jerusalem), Sandeen shows the close relationship between these two movements. At the same time, he points out other influences on fundamentalism, such as the biblical literalism of the Old Princeton theology. (Nineteenth century Princeton theology, as exemplified by the Hodges and Warfield, held to biblical inerrancy but was postmillennialist.)  "The Roots of Fundamentalism" demonstrates the influence of John Nelson Darby and dispensationalism on the broader movement of fundamentalism and discusses at length the influence of the Bible Conference Movement and the Keswick movement on the development of fundamentalism as it entered the twentieth century.  This is a valuable resource for anyone interested in the various religious movements (Christian and otherwise) that laid the groundwork for the religious scene in post-World War II America.
4620 Adrio Knig's "The Eclipse of Christ in Eschatology" is a needed corrective to those who see biblical eschatology as primarily having to do with future events on this earth in which Christ is mostly a role player who disappears through the clouds at His ascension and then comes on the scene once again at His Second Coming, either to reign on an earthly throne in Jerusalem or to come to judge the living on the dead (depending on one's view of the millennium).  Knig does an admirable job of showing that this approach misses the point of biblical eschatology. It is about Christ and all about Christ from first to last. Accordingly, he adopts what he calls a "Christ-centered approach." After two chapters in which he gives a general overview of the relationship between Christ and eschatology, he presents his view of eschatology in the remaining three chapters. "Christ Realizes the Goal for Us" discusses the eschatological character and of Christ's First Coming. "Christ Realizes the Goal in Us" shows how the earthly activity of Jesus as well as His work through the Holy Spirit is central to coming to a true understanding of the eschatological nature of Christ's work. Finally, "Christ Realizes the Goal with Us" focuses more directly on the meaning of the Second Coming of Christ, although in a way that is quite different from those who see this Second Coming as referring exclusively to an as-yet-future event at the end of the present age.  Although the reader may wind up disagreeing with some of what Knig says, this is a worthwhile book to read, for it presents a view of eschatology that deserves consideration.
4621 Written by Earle E. Cairns, former professor of history at Wheaton College, "Christianity Through the Centuries" is an excellent one-volume overview of Christianity from its Palestinian origins to the late twentieth century. Although a rather long one-volume work, it's not a multivolume tome and therefore cannot go into great detail in its description. However, it hits the highlights of the twenty centuries of church history quite well. Cairns writes in a lively fashion and does an admirable job of discussing the various movements and major figures in the history of the church as well as the interaction of the church to society at large through the ages. I highly recommend this work to someone who is looking for an overview of church history.
4622 There are two reasons for purchasing this one-volume work in preference to the complete and unabridged ten-volume set. First, finances. It is admittedly far lighter on the wallet than is the complete set. Second, if one wants a much briefer overview of the various words used in the Greek NT rather than all the detail found in the original set.  This is a good enough resource for many of us, particularly for those doing exegesis in preparation for a sermon or who are content with a general understanding of the meaning(s) of words. For those who want to explore the etymology of a word in detail or want to compare its usage in the NT with its usage in extra-biblical literature, the 10-volume set is more appropriate. I have used both in my own studies over the years and have found them both useful. However, there have been times when I have gained insights from the unabridged version that were not available in this abridgment. Ultimately, it will be up to the person making the purchase to decide whether the shorter version will be adequate.
4623 Sassafras and root beer are similar in taste. If you like the taste of one, you'll like the taste of the other. The main difference is that sassafras is a tea and root beer is a soft drink. Claey's has done a great job of reproducing the sassafras flavor in these hard little sugar-dusted candy squares. One 16 calorie sanded square will last a long time in your mouth and will provide you with the distinct but not overwhelming taste of genuine sassafras. These squares are entirely fat-free and are made with sugar, corn syrup, artificial flavor, and color.
4624 Thomas Lamb has done an excellent job of compiling passages from the Bible that speak to worry, anxiety, and fear and show why we can and should have confidence in Almighty God, who is also our faithful heavenly Father. Seeing that worry is an almost universal human condition, we would all do well to read and meditate daily on these passages from Scripture so that we may learn to trust in God and have the peace of mind that only that trust can engender. For certainly, as the Heidelberg Catechism tells us, we can have "good confidence in our faithful God and Father, that no creature shall separate us from His love, since all creatures are so in His hand, that without His will they cannot so much as move." A hearty thank you to Mr. Lamb for making these passages so accessible.  I received a copy of this book in exchange for writing an honest review.
4625 Griotten is a unique licorice treat. A traditional Dutch licorice, from the outside it looks like a brown sugar cube. Inside, however, is a soft, almost jelly-like piece of licorice candy. Fairly mild by Dutch standards, it nevertheless contains a distinctive burst of licorice flavor, which will prove satisfying to any lover of genuine licorice. Although the sweet taste of the sugar predominates, there is a slight overtone of salmiak salt (which is listed as one of the ingredients). I've probably sampled thirty different types of Dutch licorice. This is one of my favorites, particularly when it's fresh.  Griotten contains gelatin and is not vegan.
4626 I've been a committed tea drinker for the better part of half a century. During that time I've formed some pretty strong opinions about tea, particularly black tea. I'll be blunt in my assessment. The Teavana Oprah Chai Tea is a cut above just about other tea I've tried. The perfect combination of black tea and spices creates a great aroma, as well as a tea that has a natural sweetness and isn't at all harsh. I've only been drinking this tea for a little more than a year, but it is definitely one of my favorites.
4627 I first played Probe nearly half a century ago when I was a college student. I fell in love with the game immediately, in part because it combines strategy with knowledge. Since you're trying to keep the other players from guessing your word while at the same time guessing theirs, you need not just a good vocabulary but also what words are hard to guess. (Fairly simple words like "rhythm" are stumpers, because players are likely to guess vowels before anything else.) Probe has to be one of my half dozen favorite games, and I've played it hundreds of times over the years with a wide variety of players.
4628 Thomas Sowell's "The Quest for Cosmic Justice" contains four essays. In addition to the lead essay, "The Quest for Cosmic Justice," the other essays are: "The Mirage of Equality," "The Tyranny of Visions," and "The Quiet Repeal of the American Revolution." Having read several of Sowell's books over the years, I will say that these four essays are Sowell at his best. Whether you agree or disagree with his analyses and his conclusions, you will take away more than enough food for thought.  "The Quest for Cosmic Justice" was published in 1999, near the end of the Clinton Administration. What impressed me most as I read through these essays again recently was that they are even more relevant today, given what is happening in the United States, than they were fourteen years ago. Sowell should be must reading for our leaders, both in government and in academia.
4629 These Dutch licorice cats from Kraepelien & Holm are small and chewy but firm with great licorice taste. If you like strong, traditional European licorice you'll like these. Although primarily sweet they have a slight saltiness about them, due to the salmiak salt that is common in Dutch licorice. All in all, they are a great and pleasant introduction to Dutch licorice. For those who are familiar with the German Kinder Kats, these are a little bit smaller in size and not quite as hard, and they don't have quite as strong a taste as do the Kinder Kats.
4630 John Durham's "Exodus" is a scholarly yet readable commentary from which both the scholar and the layperson can benefit. In addition to an original translation that is a readable and sometimes vivid rendition of the text, Durham has provided a concise (15 pages) but informative introductory section in which he interacts with historical and form criticism while at the same time maintaining the text's essential unity.  A person possessing a working knowledge of Hebrew will benefit from his discussions of the Hebrew text and the meaning of various phrases. On the other hand, an understanding of Hebrew is not necessary for interacting with much of the material in the commentary. He is thorough in his commentary on the specific passages of Exodus, while at the same time not getting bogged down in minutiae. His description of the construction of the tabernacle is detailed and vivid and provides the reader with a good understanding of both the tabernacle structure and the symbolism of its various articles and furnishings. His discussion of the significance of the plagues is one of the best that I have come across.
4631 The commentary on Joshua by Trent C. Butler in the Word Biblical Commentary series contains a significant amount of interesting introductory information concerning both source criticism and form criticism. I would describe his position as mildly conservative, although he certainly sees the value and importance of critical studies. The commentary itself is scholarly and written primarily for the series OT student. However, a working knowledge of Hebrew is not necessary for interacting with the material in the commentary, and the layperson can certainly benefit from Butler's often insightful discussions of specific passages. An additional plus is that Butler provides the reader with a good understanding of the geographical and cultural setting and of what is known about the various inhabitants of the land of Canaan at the time of the conquest.
4632 This past weekend we took out our Qwirkle game for the umpteenth time when we had guests who were staying with us for a couple nights. I like this game because it's easy to explain the rules so that a first-time player can quickly figure out how to play it, while at the same time there's enough strategy to make it interesting. Another nice feature is that it doesn't take a whole evening to play one or two hands. My experience is that a single hand generally takes no more than an hour. Finally, from a purely aesthetic perspective, it's a colorful game as it spreads out over the board.
4633 Although I've lived in Nebraska for four decades, I grew up in northern Illinois, and my parents and I frequently vacationed in various parts of Wisconsin. I even went to summer camp for a few summers in a camp near Three Lakes. For the most part we stayed on the state and federal highways and occasionally on the county roads, which did allow us to crisscross the state, with the result that there's no part of Wisconsin I haven't visited. However, a few years ago when my wife and I decided to take a trip to northern Wisconsin and the UP of Michigan, we got a Wisconsin Atlas and Gazetteer. This was truly a boon to our explorations, particularly around the Bayfield area. Not only does this atlas show all the roads, including some that wind around the backwoods and aren't much more than dirt paths, but it also includes all the topographical features, such as creeks, the tiniest of lakes, swamps, and the like. I'm sure we'll be taking this atlas with us the next time we explore Wisconsin.
4634 "Catch Me if You Can" is the story of con artist and adventurer Frank Abagnale, Jr. (Leonardo DiCaprio), who is pursued by FBI detective Hanratty (Tom Hanks). Along the way Abagnale manages to forge millions of dollars of checks and con people in other ways, while systematically eluding the authorities. And that pretty much is the story line. So, if you're looking for a story with a deep plot, highly developed characters, and some profound message, look elsewhere. However, if you want an evening of really great entertainment, this is an ideal movie. It's consistently fast moving. And Abagnale, the protagonist, is a surprisingly sympathetic figure. One starts hoping that he will continue to get away with eluding the authorities, which he does consistently. Perhaps it's because Abagnale is so carefree, so youthful, and so exuberant, and thus appeals to that almost innocent youthfulness that never fully leaves us, no matter how old we are. This is one of DiCaprio's best roles.
4635 The 60 meditations that comprise Mary J. Nelson's "Jehovah Jireh: The God Who Provides" are centered around the biblical truth that, no matter what the circumstances of one's life, God is faithful and will (and does) provide for all our needs. The author deftly weaves stories from the Bible concerning God's provision with contemporary examples of how (sometimes in surprising ways) God does supply all our needs. Along with the meditation itself, there is also a prayer appropriate to the lesson being taught in that meditation. In the end, someone using this book as devotional material is bound to come away with a greater and perhaps renewed understanding of how our sovereign God is also our heavenly Father and desires that we accept in faith his desire to bless his children with what is truly best for them.  I envision this book as being most appropriate for one's personal devotional reading. Because the meditations vary in length considerably and some of them are fairly long, they might not be as appropriate for couples looking for a set of daily meditations that can be read in a fairly specific time frame (such as at the breakfast table or before retiring for the night).
4636 Volume VIII of Will and Ariel Durant's "The Story of Civilization" covers the period from 1648-1715. While the long reign of the "Sun King," Louis XIV, provides the framework on which the book is constructed, the book is far broader in its reach than his reign. The volume begins with 1648, which was the year of the signing of the Treaty of Westphalia, which brought the devastating Thirty Years War to a close. Not only the history of France during this period described in detail, but so too is this period in England and Scotland, as the Durants take us through the restoration of the British Monarchy and the Glorious Revolution to the reign of George I.  The volume is far more than a history of the geopolitical affairs of Europe during this time. This was the age of the great early modern philosophers, including the British empiricists.  The Durants provide a nice overview of the philosophy of Hobbes, Locke, and Berkeley in England, as well as that of Malebranche and Spinoza. The art of this period is also covered in some detail.  This is an excellent volume. It is long but never tedious and is written in an engaging fashion.
4637 For those who have some knowledge of New Testament Greek but who are not proficient and who don't have the time to become proficient, Nathan E. Han's "A Parsing Guide to the Greek New Testament" is an immeasurable help. There are a few errors in it, and it certainly doesn't contain the information found in a lexicon, it is still a great help for those of us who know the alphabet, a bit of vocabulary, and have at most a rudimentary understanding of how to identify the tense, mood, etc. of many of the verbs. In sum, this book won't prove especially useful for the serious New Testament scholar, but for those who need it primarily to check on a Greek verb now and then it is a useful aid.
4638 Although this chocolate bar is labeled as "Intense Dark," it is a far cry from Ghirardelli's highest cocoa content. This bar is not a bitter chocolate but much closer to what is commonly called semi-sweet. One way or the other, the chocolate is still the smooth, creamy chocolate that is characteristic of all the Ghirardelli chocolate products. The almonds are fresh. The bar contains just enough sea salt to perfectly complement the almonds and the chocolate. This bar is a real treat for the dark chocolate fan.
4639 For as long as I can remember I've loved the taste of Triscuit crackers. A couple months ago my wife came home with a box of these brown rice, sea salt and black pepper Triscuits. Their taste takes Triscuits to another level. While they are a bit flatter than and don't have quite the texture of the original Triscuit (which looks a little bit like flattened shredded wheat cereal), their taste is great. There is a hint of pepper, but it isn't overpowering. And the distinctive taste of brown rice comes through as well. All in all, this is a great flavor combination. Although these Triscuits contain some salt, a six-cracker serving contains just 135 mg of sodium, which is 6% of the DV. Not bad.
4640 It's been nearly half a century since I bought all the volumes of Frederick Copleston's "History of Philosophy" that were then available. During this time, I have used it more than to any other survey of the history of philosophy. Not only is it complete, but it is also well balanced. Copleston does an excellent job of not allowing his own perspective to stand in the way of an objective description of the views of the philosophers he discusses. What is true of the other volumes is true of Volume 1, which, not surprisingly, covers the philosophy of ancient Greece and Rome.  Copleston begins with a survey of the pre-socratic period, one which does an excellent job of spelling out the issues with which the early Greek philosophers wrestled, many of which continue to be debated by philosophers today. After this comes a complete exposition of Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle. Also covered in detail are the Stoics and the neo-platonist philosophers, especially Plotinus. In the end, one walks away from this volume with an excellent overview of this foundational period of philosophical thought.  Although written in a clear, lucid fashion, Copleston's writing is not superficial. In fact, to fully appreciate what he has to offer I would suggest that someone new to philosophy find an introductory survey of the period, in order to gain some sort of general overview of the period. Then read Copleston. This will make for greater understanding. Of course, having read Copleston, the next step is to delve into the writings of the philosophers themselves.
4641 I first became aware of "Finnegan's Wake" when I was in college many, many years ago. I bought a copy, leafed through it, and then put it on my shelf, as I became involved in other pursuits than trying to decipher what seemed to be senseless ramblings. Occasionally I would pull the book out and look at a page or two, marveling at the word plays and allusions, a few of which I thought I understood, many of which I didn't. Finally, having retired from teaching after many years, I decided to see what was going on. And so I procured another book of which I had been aware for some time, Campbell's "Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake." Guided by this key, Joyce's work began to make sense to me. I say "began" for there was and remains a whole lot that is mystifying. I also realize that what is in this key is Campbell's own interpretation of Finnegans Wake, and there may be other interpretations. But it's a start. And for those like me, who have had the book on the shelf for years or even decades, having a copy of Campbell's "Key" will be a good start to making heads or tails out of Joyce's book.
4642 RJ's raspberry licorice logs are a great example of a type of licorice that is produced in New Zealand and Australia and that is becoming increasingly popular in the United Statessoft eating licorice. Unlike most European licorice, which is very firm and chewy, these soft-eating logs are easy to chew, and, unlike some licorice candy, RJ's logs do not stick to the teeth. These logs have a mild but rich and genuine raspberry flavor. (They are made with natural raspberry flavor and also are naturally colored with fruit and vegetable juice concentrates.) They also contain licorice extract and so qualify as genuine licorice. One 40-gram log contains 140 calories. RJ's logs contain no animal products and therefore are suitable for vegetarians and vegans.
4643 Being a lemon lover, I love these Jelly Belly Sunkist lemon jelly beans because they have a genuine lemony taste. The ingredients list says that they're made with lemon puree. The flavor sure tastes genuine. These are about as good a lemon jelly bean as I've ever had. I'm not sure why they're called "Sunkist" lemons.  Perhaps they're made with Sunkist lemons. But that's secondary. What's important is that these taste just the way a lemon jelly bean should.
4644 This book provides the basics when it comes to controlling various "pests" in your garden, particularly those that attack your vegetables. By "pests," the author means not just insects, larvae, grubs, and the like, but also weeds. He gives advice on how to spot damage to your plants and how to counteract that damage. He also notes some specific things you can do to get rid of or at least control these pests, whether weeds or insects.  This is a very brief book and is mostly an overview of the techniques you can use to control garden pests. It would have been helpful had the author provided more information regarding specific problems. For instance, a list of garden pests, how to spot them, and how to get rid of them, would have been helpful.
4645 Dark chocolate and mint! This is a perfect combination. And these Ghirardelli mint-filled chocolate squares get it just right. The chocolate flavor is genuine and strong, but not overpowering. And the mint filling contains just the right intensity to be quite noticeable but not so strong as to obliterate the chocolate taste. The texture is really nice as well. The chocolate is silky, and the mint filling is soft and creamy. These make for a great after-dinner treat.
4646 This mug is copper inside and out. The handle is securely soldered on, and the mug looks to be nearly indestructible. To make sure how much the mug holds I filled it to the brim with water and poured the water into a measuring cup. It holds almost exactly 16 ounces. As the description on Amazon indicates, copper mugs of this sort are used to serve Moscow Mules, a vodka-based drink that was popular in the 1950s. However, it can also be used for cold beer, soda pop, or even ice water.  Copper mugs are designed to keep cold liquid cold, and  they do a far better job at this than do glass, plastic, or ceramic cups or mugs. However, they are not to be used with hot liquids and should never be cleaned in the dishwasher.  Here is a recipe for the Moscow Mule:  1 ounce vodka 1 tsp. sugar syrup Fresh lime juice 1/2 cup ginger beer 1 spring fresh mint 1 slice of lime  In a copper mug, pour vodka over ice. Add sugar syrup and lime juice. Top with ginger beer and stir. Garnish with mint sprig and lime slice.  I received this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
4647 It has been 35 years since I purchased my copy of Charles Hodge's "Systematic Theology." Since then, it has been one of two systematic theology texts I consult regularly (the other being Berkhof's). Hodge's discussion of the attributes of God is one of the best around, as is his analysis of the nature of the atonement. Although staunchly in the Reformed camp, Hodge nevertheless does an excellent and fair job of presenting views that diverge from his own.  Hodge's work is far more than simply present a summary of the doctrines (and sub-doctrines) of Christian theology. His work contains references to and descriptions of many different views that have been held in the history of Christian thought. As such, his work functions as a historical theology as well. Moreover, whether defending or criticizing a position, he interacts extensively with passages from the Bible, not byproof-texting, but rather by showing how these passages bear on the topic at hand.
4648 Kenny's manufactures these twists. They are flavored with Orange Crush concentrate (listed on the package as one of the ingredients) and as a result bear about as close a resemblance in flavor to Orange Crush as one could expect in a candy (except that there's no carbonation in the candy.) So, if you like Orange Crush and also like a chewy and somewhat waxy textured licorice-style twist, you'll probably like these as well. The following is a list of ingredients: Enriched wheat flour (wheat, iron, niacin, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, sugar, water, modified food starch (corn), citric acid, artificial flavor, apple juice concentrate, salt, Orange Crush concentrate (water, acacia gum, ester gum, natural flavors, artificial color [Yellow 6], citric acid), sodium chloride, brominated soybean oil, artificial color [Red 40], sodium benzoate [preservative]), soy mono & diglycerides, soy lecithin, glycerine, palm oil, ascorbic acid (Vitamin C), artificial colors (Yellow 5, Yellow 6).
4649 All things considered, these Kenny's twists do taste a bit like Orange Crush soda pop, which, I suppose, isn't surprising, seeing that they are flavored with Orange Crush Concentrate. Like the typical "licorice style" twist, they are reasonably soft and chewy and have a texture that is a bit rubbery and waxy. And so if you like twists of this sort, you'll probably like these. In the service of full disclose (including noting the presence of high fructose corn syrup), I'm including a list of ingredients: Enriched wheat flour (wheat, iron, niacin, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, sugar, water, modified food starch (corn), citric acid, artificial flavor, apple juice concentrate, salt, Orange Crush concentrate (water, acacia gum, ester gum, natural flavors, artificial color [Yellow 6], citric acid), sodium chloride, brominated soybean oil, artificial color [Red 40], sodium benzoate [preservative]), soy mono & diglycerides, soy lecithin, glycerine, palm oil, ascorbic acid (Vitamin C), artificial colors (Yellow 5, Yellow 6).
4650 Licorice Allsorts have always been one of my favorite candies. Several brands are widely available on the market. However, these Taveners Allsorts have always been among the best. They combine a nice, sweet, rich-tasting licorice with a sweet soft sugary candy with a coconut taste. They come in a variety of shapes, including tubes, sandwiches, and rounds, each one of these shapes containing roughly the same amount of licorice and coconut-flavored sweetness.
4651 These candy twists from Kenny's Candy Co. are made with genuine Grape Crush concentrate. Although there's no guarantee, if you like the taste of Grape Crush you'll probably like these as well. Of course, there's no carbonation, which may make a difference in the taste. Here's a list of ingredients: Enriched wheat flour (wheat, iron, niacin, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, sugar, water, food starch modified (corn), citric acid, apple juice concentrate, artificial flavor, salt, Grape Crush concentrate (water, grape juice concentrate, acacia gum, citric acid, artificial flavor, artificial colors [Red 40, Blue 1], sodium benzoate [preservative], malic acid, soy mono & diglycerides, soy lecithin, glycerine, palm oil, ascorbic acid (Vitamin C), artificial colors (Red 40, Blue 1).
4652 Many years ago Ovaltine was produced in a factory in the western suburbs of Chicago and was readily available on the shelves of the grocery stores of our country. I should know. As a kid growing up in the 1950s who had a dad who drank Ovaltine regularly, we always had a jar of Ovaltine sitting on our shelves. I too acquired a taste for Ovaltine. I also discovered that the crystals were great as a topping when sprinkled on a bowl of vanilla ice cream. Then I grew up. I forgot about Ovaltine until recently. That's when I discovered that it was still available. Imagine my surprise when I discovered that not only could I still purchase it but that, to my delight, it still had that rich malty and chocolaty taste that, when mixed with milk, makes for a really wonderful drink, whether at breakfast or as an afternoon snack. I'm thrilled with this discovery.
4653 "Desiring God" may be John Piper's landmark book, the one that set him apart as a truly outstanding and insightful thinker. However, "The Pleasures of God" might be his best. Written from a Reformed perspective, Piper does a wonderful job of showing that God takes pleasure in who He is and in His relationship to His creatures. What makes this book such a great book is that Piper tackles the "hard doctrines" of the Christian faith, as his chapters on "The Pleasure of God in Election" and "The Pleasure of God in Bruising the Son" attest. Someone reading this book will almost certainly come away with a greater understanding of the mind of God and at the same time feeling that the profound truths that Piper presents are but the foreshadowing of what we will see in all its fulness when we enter the new and eternal creation that God has in store for us.
4654 "Lancaster County Amish Cookbook" is a locally-produced effort of recipes collected by two local women. It is a totally no-frills cookbook, without any mouth-watering pictures or introductory material or interesting anecdotes about the culture. It consists almost exclusively of recipes, and that's what makes it such a treasure. There are more than a thousand recipes in this spiral-bound book. These recipes include breads and pancakes, soups and sandwiches, salads and dressings, casseroles, cakes, pies, cookies, jams and jellies, beverages, and more. At the end there are some helpful hints, such as advice on how to remove corn silk and how to perk up wilted vegetables. There is also a complete index in the back of the book.  Because these recipes were collected from local folk there is no guarantee that they will all turn out perfectly. (I seriously doubt that the compilers of this cookbook tested them before including them in the book.) But that's to be expected with a cookbook of this sort.  One real benefit is that most of these recipes have a limited number of ingredients and ones that are easy to procure. Amish and Mennonite cooking is not fancy and does not use esoteric ingredients that can only be found at a specialty store. So, for the cook who likes to keep it simple while at the same time creating tasty, nourishing food, this cookbook will be quite useful.
4655 I've been a fan of wheat thins most of my adult life, which spans more than forty years. I loved them right from the start, back when what is today the original was the only variety available. Since I first discovered the Garden Valley Veggie variety they have become my favorite. They have a really nice, subtle, smooth, and cool taste, and they're always crisp. They are my favorite variety to have with an onion dip. I highly recommend them.
4656 If one is expecting a movie that examines substance abuse in all its depth and complexity as well as providing a totally accurate portrayal of rehab, "28 Days" is not the movie to watch. However, if one is content with a production that takes alcoholism seriously, does not see it as a laughing matter, and provides some insight into the tragedy of alcoholism and the skewered thinking of those tortured by the demons of the bottle, this is a movie worth viewing.  We meet Gwen (Sandra Bullock) when she is on her way along with her playboy boyfriend to her sister's wedding. Drunk when she arrives, she manages to get even more drunk, makes a fool of herself, and before long crashes into the cake when losing her balance on the dance floor. Trying to make amends, she commandeers a limo and takes it on an unsteady ride as she loos for a bakery. Needless to say, she doesn't make it, but crashes into a house. Faced with the choice between prison time and rehab, Gwen chooses the latter. It's at this point where the movie gains in depth. For it is while Gwen is in rehab that we begin to see the real battle that takes place within the addictive personality.  The multitalented Sandra Bullock is what makes this movie as good as it is. Always a fine actor, capable of filling many different roles, Bullock is at her best in this film.
4657 We're constantly using pasta sauce and have used a lot of different brands. The Prego Traditional spaghettis sauce is a pretty good sauce in the moderately priced range. It has good flavor and is pretty thick. It works well in my lasagna and other baked pasta dishes. I do think that the high-end sauces have a bit richer flavor, and I would recommend them for spaghetti and meatballs. But for any sauce that you're baking with the pasta Prego will do just fine.
4658 The game of Yahtzee is fun and easy to learn, which makes it an ideal game for anyone whether they are young or old. I've played it with grade-school kids, teens, and adults, and everyone seems to really enjoy it. Even though it doesn't take a lot of strategy (although it takes a bit), it never seems to get boring. It has just enough strategy to keep it interesting. This is a great game to play with friends or family on a game night.
4659 Having taught philosophy for nearly 30 years I am well-acquainted with a variety of ethics texts, having received numerous copies over the years from various publishers. Some of these texts are extremely long and obtuse, others are superficial in the extreme. "Ethics: Discovering Right and Wrong" by the late Louis Pojman and James Fieser falls into neither of these categories. It is simply one of the best brief introductions to ethical theory on the market today.  Intended as a concise introduction to the major theories concerning the nature of morality, the book does not probe any of these theories in depth. But that is not its purpose. Although intended as an overview, which leads to the occasional but inevitable oversimplification, it does its job of providing the introductory student an acquaintance with the various options.  Its chapters include an introductory one ("What is Ethics?"), followed by chapters on ethical relativism, moral objectivism, value and the quest for the good, social contract theory and the motive to be moral, egoism, self-interest, and altruism, utilitarianism, Kant and deontological theories, virtue theory, religion and ethics, the fact-value problem, and moral realism and the challenge of skepticism.  Helpful features include the following:  At the end of each chapter there is a section entitled "For Further Reflection," which includes several thought-provoking questions on the issues the chapter discusses. Each chapter also lists suggestions for further reading. Finally, an appendix is included that contains a four-page article on "How to Read and Write a Philosophy Paper."
4660 As someone who earned his undergraduate degree at Wheaton College nearly five decades ago, I was quite interested when I received a copy of "Liberal Arts for the Christian Life," edited by Jeffry Davis and Philip Ryken. (The latter is the current president of Wheaton.) The book is a collection of 25 essays, a majority of which are written by members of the current Wheaton College faculty (with a smattering of essays from others). The essays are divided into five sections: Terminology and Background, Theological Convictions, Habits and Virtues, Divisional Areas of Study, and The End of Christian Liberal Arts.  As is true of many anthologies, some of these essays will prove more useful to the individual reader than will others. But between them, they will all have value for one subset of readers or another. For example, I found the essays in the sections on Theological Convictions and The End of Christian Liberal Arts to be on the whole the most fascinating and informative. However, I suspect that other readers might find the essays in the other sections to be more valuable for their purposes.  In this day and age, when a broad, general education, rooted in the history of Western Civilization as well as in the Scripture, is considered inconsequential, even among many evangelical Christians, this book is a needed reminder of the value of learning not just for practical results but also for the enrichment of the mind.
4661 Books with the word "Simplicity" in the title abound. Many have to do with a simple lifestyle. (Some of these are quite good.) John Maeda's book is not on this topic. His interest is in simplicity of design, particularly design in everyday life. (Many of his examples involve the relative simplicity in the design of electronic equipment, such as I-pods and smart phones.) While Maeda makes some interesting observations, at the end of each chapter I thought, "I could have figured this out myself," or, occasionally, "I already knew that." To put this another way, there is nothing profound or especially original about what he is saying.  A somewhat annoying feature is his fondness for acronyms (apparently as mnemonic devices). Now, acronyms in themselves aren't bad. But to be useful they must be memorable. Most of Maeda's aren't. Example: In Chapter One he introduces SHE, which stands for "Shrink, Hide, and Embody." (Another one is SLIP: Sort, Label, Integrate, Prioritize.) Because these acronyms in themselves have no real connection to what he is saying, I found myself having to go back and remind myself time and again what these acronyms meant.  This book may prove useful for someone who's never thought about the idea of simplicity. For those who have, "The Laws of Simplicity" offer little new insight.
4662 For as long as I can remember Ceresota has advertised itself as being "Unbleached Forever." Now, I prefer baking with wholegrain flours. However, some things work best with white flour. And bleaching destroys certain of the important nutrients in flour. So, if I have to use white flour, I'm going to use unbleached flour. And seeing that Ceresota has been at it for such a long time and is a name I can trust, I'm going to pick it up. My experience is that it works better than the other brands of unbleached flour available in the stores.
4663 Before moving to Nebraska my wife and I lived in Ohio for more than three years. Back then I used a roadmap when I wanted to get anywhere in the state. This was okay for some purposes, but it wasn't helpful for really exploring a section of the state with the hope of getting some feel for the local culture. And so, when we went back to Ohio for a visit a couple years ago, I bought a DeLorme gazetteer for the state. I was really glad I did. The maps contain far more than just the main roads. Included are county and other backroads, which has proven itself helpful in finding shortcuts and out-of-the-way places, lakes and ponds, streams and creeks, state parks, hiking trails, and other features of note. There's far more information than you'll find in the typical roadmap. Plus, it's a topographical map, which is especially useful when in the hilly sections of eastern and southern Ohio.
4664 Francis Beckwith's "Return to Rome" does not set out to be an apologia for the Roman Catholic Church or an attempt at proselytization for this ancient faith. Instead, it is truly an account of his personal, sincere journey from the Catholicism of his youth, through his time as an evangelical Christian, then through the liturgical Christianity of the Reformed Episcopal Church, and back to Rome. His story is believable and may even be convincing.  What sets it apart from some other accounts written by those who have converted either to Catholicism or Orthodoxy is that it is truly irenic in spirit. Having read Franky Schaefer's mean-spirited screed detailing his reasons for becoming Orthodox, Beckwith's account is truly a breath of fresh air. While I'm sure he would be happy if others followed him into the Roman fold, one gets the impression that this is not just not the primary reason for his writing his story but not even a very important reason. It is as though he has said, "Here's why I've becoming a Roman Catholic. I find these reasons persuasive. And I'm giving them so that you will at least be willing to consider them."  Probably more than any other book I've read by (or conversation I've had with) those who have returned to Rome (or have gone to Rome for the first time), Beckwith's book clearly enunciates the doctrinal issues involved and gives a coherent statement for why the Roman way is correct. Not that his arguments are original. Others have enunciated them as well. But not everyone else has presented the basic issues in a way that are as understandable as has Beckwith or has shown more clearly what is truly at stake.
4665 At the outset I want to make clear that Skippy Reduced Fat Chunky Peanut Butter isn't bad. The texture is nice and smooth, the same as the regular peanut butter. But the taste is not the same. The regular peanut butter is richer and the peanutty flavor comes through more distinctly. So, if watching your calories or fat intake is what's most important, buy the reduced fat peanut butter. But if taste is more important, buy the regular Skippy chunky. The taste issue doesn't seem to be a problem for baking. I've made peanut butter cookies with both the regular and the reduced fat, and the cookies taste the same.
4666 Whoever first came up with the idea of mixing chocolate and mint was a genius. These two are a natural together. Over the years I've had a number of dark chocolate candies with mint, and most of them are good, but I can't think of any that are better than Lindt. The chocolate has just the right amount of sweetness. Its semi-sweet taste is perfect to keep it from overwhelming the taste of the mint. And the mint is just about the right strength as well; it comes through nice and strong, without overwhelming the chocolate. Nor is there anything artificial about the mint flavor. This bar is a great treat for the chocolate-mint lover.
4667 I watched "Fireproof" in a theater not long after it was released. I knew that it had an explicitly Christian message to it and that as a Christian I knew that it would resonate positively with me. It did. At the same time, I also came to the film with the expectation that its storyline would be simplistic, the quality of the film would be average, and the acting would be pedestrian. My expectation was based on past experiences with Christian movies.  I must say that on all these counts "Fireproof" exceeded my expectations. While the storyline isn't profound, neither is it sappy. It portrays many of the conflicts that arise in a marriage and the difficulty of working these out without intense struggle and a true willingness for both parties to change in a way that is realistic. Occasionally (though just occasionally) the positive changes that bring about the reconciliation between Caleb Holt and his wife Catherine come about a bit too easily, but for the most part the portrayal is realistic.  The acting is very good though not great. Kirk Cameron does a fairly good job of portraying Caleb Holt, but it's clearly not a performance that would win an Oscar. The same can be said for the acting in general.  Thankfully, the movie is not "preachy" (a problem with some Christian films) but presents the intended message through the storyline itself.
4668 When it comes to Kennys twists it seems it's hit and miss whether they manage to come up with a really decent flavor. The watermelon twists at best have a slight watermelon taste, which isn't surprising, since it's probably nearly impossible to use natural flavoring in these twists, and artificial flavoring can at will at best approximate the genuine flavor.  As far as the texture is concerned, they're not bad for Twizzler-style candy. They're a bit waxy, but so are Twizzlers. The one-pound bag contains approximately 42 seven-inch sticks, so you'll get a decent number of twists for what you'll have to pay for these.
4669 Everything about this product from Anis de Flavigny is elegant. Each violet drop contains a green aniseed that has been carefully selected from Spain, Turkey, or Syria and has been processed in a large copper vat. The aniseed is coated with sugar and flavored with violet to produce this delicate drop. These drops are hard and you can enjoy them best by letting them slowly melt in the mouth. Don't try to bite into them or chew them. It won't work. The drops contain sugar, natural flavoring, and aniseed. A two-piece serving is 10 calories.
4670 I received this Trivial Pursuit calendar as a gift. The questions are wide ranging and moderately challenging. The calendar itself is attractive and nicely done. I've put mine on my dresser so that I see it first thing every morning. I'm looking forward to spending this coming year seeing just how much trivia I've internalized. This would make a nice gift for anyone who enjoys playing Trivial Pursuit.
4671 "Saving Mr. Banks" tells the "backstory" behind the making of the musical, "Mary Poppins," and particularly the story of PL Travers (Emma Thompson). Through a series of flashbacks to her childhood in Australia, which was dominated by her relationship with her loving but alcoholic father, we see how this childhood is reflected in her creation of Mary Poppins. But that's just part of the story portrayed in this film. We also witness how Walt Disney (Tom Hanks), who is determined to bring Mary Poppins to the screen, works with Travers, who is, to say the least, an irascible character, and how, through his charm and patience, is able to create a film for the ages, despite the roadblocks that Travers repeatedly throws up along the way. We also get a glimpse of the creative effort of the musical team, as they strive to bring the tunes (many of them still familiar today) to perfection. (Their creation of "Spoonful of Sugar" is especially interesting.) If you haven't already seen this film, watch it. You won't be disappointed.
4672 I still remember the Christmas when I was seven years old and got my first Lionel set. This was the beginning of a lifelong love affair with trains in general and toy trains in particular. For some reason, many decades later, I still enjoy "O" gauge trains going around a layout more than I do HO or N gauge. Not surprisingly, I find Classic Toy Trains to be a most fascinating magazine. Not only are there articles on the Lionel trains of our youth (as well as other manufacturers), but there's plenty of how-to articles on creating scenery, layouts, and the like. Plus, this is a really nicely done magazine, with plenty of color photos. This is a magazine that anyone with a serious interest in toy trains should read.
4673 "Fish also go to Heaven," by Tammy Brown Elkeles, is the charming story of five-year-old Ellie and her pet goldfish, Fishie. Ellie loves her goldfish and talks to it all the time, wishing it goodnight before she goes to bed, and greeting it first thing in the morning. But like most pet goldfish, Fishie dies after a short time. Ellie's mother goes to the pet store and replaces the goldfish, pretending that it is Fishie, but it too dies. Before long Ellie realizes that Fishie is indeed dead. This gives her mom and Ellie a chance to discuss death and what might happen to those who die.  In her description of the book, Ms. Elkeles says, "'Fish also go to Heaven' is an allegory that will teach your little ones how to cope with a painful loss." Suitable for preschool children as well as those old enough to read at about a third-grade level, "Fish also go to Heaven" accomplishes this purpose quite well. Somewhat longer than many of Ms. Elkeles children's books, this book is really well written and will bring a tear to the eyes not just of young children but of the adults who read the book to them.  I received an electronic copy of this book in exchange for writing an honest review, which I am happy to give.
4674 This is a nicely-constructed bag. It is made of a sturdy nylon, although it has the appearance of canvas. The stitching appears even and impeccable. The main compartment has a double zipper, which, when open, reveals a fairly large space where you could easily put a couple items of clothing or a jacket. It would also fit a pair of shoes or a couple books. The one side has three zippered pockets. These are fairly small, but each could fit an item up to approximately 3 X 3 X 3 inches. On the other side is a flap, which, when lifted, reveals a zippered compartment that has a divider in the middle. This compartment is smaller than the main compartment but still large enough to fit a couple rolled-up tee shirts. The shoulder strap is adjustable, well-padded, and comfortable. All in all, this appears to be a really nice bag that can be used for a lot of different purposes.  I received this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
4675 This timer falls into the "Why Pay More" category. I bought this timer at the local hardware store for a few dollars and it has worked well to date. Its easy to operate. Once you take it out of its packaging, make sure that the 48 half-hour segments on the dial are pushed up. Then simply depress the segments located in the time period you want the light to be on. (For example, if you want your light on between 9 PM and 11:30 PM, depress the five segments that correspond to that time period.) Having done this, turn the dial to the current time, plug the timer into a wall socket and the lamp into the timer (making sure the lamp's on, of course), and it's ready to go.  The timer iscompact. It measures approximately 2 1/2 X 2 1/2 X 1 1/2 inches. We've used this timer the last couple times we've been out of town and it's worked perfectly.
4676 We keep a jar of this Chinese Style Five Spice Seasoning on hand at all times. It's especially good used in stir-fry dishes, creating a distinctively Chinese flavor, one that is pleasant and strong. Sweet and sour dishes take a special liking to this seasoning. The seasoning is strong enough that a little goes a long way. There's a recipe on the jar for "Five Spice Chicken." Try itit's really delicious. This seasoning contains no sodium or sugars.
4677 Nearly half a century ago I purchased the then-available volumes of Copleston's "A History of Philosophy." During the past forty years, during my years as a sometimes fulltime and sometimes adjunct college-level philosopher teacher, I have referred to it more than to any other survey of the history of philosophy. It is complete and well balanced. Although as a Jesuit Copleston certainly had strong views on many of the views he discusses, he does an excellent job of not allowing his own perspective to stand in the way of an objective description of these views. What is true of the other volumes is true of Volume 6, which covers the Continental Enlightenment from the time of Bayle to Kant.  Volume 2 is devoted entirely to Kant. Needless to say, it goes into all major aspects of Kant's philosophy in great detail.  A study of this volume will certainly reward the serious student of philosophy with a greater understanding of the period.
4678 If you want to enjoy the taste of licorice without having to worry about the calories in sugar-laden treats, these Licorette pastilles are for you. Each hard pastille has great flavor and lasts a long time if you let it dissolve in your mouth. Your craving for licorice will be satisfied, and your mouth will be freshened as well. Licorettes are sugar-free and fat-free with natural flavors and color. There are just five calories per seven-pastille serving. The easy to use little click-shut box is perfect for your pocket or purse.
4679 It's been nearly 35 years since I memorized the Heidelberg Catechism in preparation for my licensing and ordination as a pastor in a Reformed denomination. Since that time I have gone over the Catechism on many occasions and have referred to it frequently while teaching and also in my writings. I have come to truly appreciate the beauty and warmhearted pastoral tone of this document. When it comes to commentary on the Catechism, there is none better than the one written by Zacharius Ursinus, its primary author. For anyone seeking to study the Catechism, this is a great secondary source. Reading it as one goes over the Catechism's 129 articles is invaluable in shedding light on the meaning of these articles.
4680 We had our other iron for at least 20 years when it finally gave up. So I had to get another. After reading reviews on a variety of irons, I realized that a person could pay A LOT for an iron. I suppose if I ironed every day or professionally, I would go for something a bit more upscale but for my purposes this one does the job.  What I like about this iron:  Heats up quickly. Shows exactly how much water is in it. Reels up the cord with a push of the button. (Well, a couple pushes of the button.) Angles nicely into the corners of clothing. Slides smoothly over all the materials I've ironed. Doesn't stick.  What I don't like: Not a robot. Requires human effort.  If you're looking for a decent, reasonable iron that steams nicely and heats quickly, give this iron a chance. I like it.
4681 Compared to Larson's Gallery Series collection, "Unnatural Selection" is fairly short. However, the cartoons found in it are some of the funniest (in my estimation) that he drew as the creator of The Far Side. In addition to the cartoons, the middle of this collection contains several full-color drawings by Larson of his interpretation of evolution. (These drawings are on glossy paper.) They include the Age of Invertebrates, the Age of Fish and Amphibians, the Age of Reptiles, the Age of Birds and Mammals, and the Future. Each one is a detailed and hilarious drawing of the characteristics of the inhabitants of the age.
4682 I have found the Delorme atlas and gazetteers an invaluable aid over the years, and I always make sure I have one before do any serious exploration of a state. If all you're planning on doing is driving through the state on an interstate or major highway, a regular road atlas will do fine. But for anything more the Delorme gazetteer is what you'll need. I've had the opportunity to spend time in Oregon (a beautiful state, by the way), and having the gazetteer has allowed me to find secondary and back roads to access out-of-the-way places, such as small lakes and ponds and even little hamlets that I would otherwise not have known existed. Plus, this gazetteer shows hiking trails and trailheads, which, for someone like me who enjoys accessing places on foot, is definitely a benefit. And because the maps are topographical, I can get a good idea of the terrain beforehand, which allows me to anticipate how rugged the terrain will be and allows me to plan accordingly.
4683 Introductory philosophy texts should accomplish the goal of presenting the most important issues in philosophy in a clear, coherent, and easy-to-understand fashion, while at the same time giving the student an appreciation of the history of philosophy as well as the tools to learn how to reason philosophically. During my three decades of teaching philosophy classes at the undergraduate and graduate level, I have come across several texts that go a long way toward accomplishing this goal. Sad to say, "Roots of Wisdom," by Helen Buss Mitchell, does not do this.  It is not for lack of trying. Mitchell's text discusses the various areas of philosophy (theory of knowledge, ethics, metaphysics, political philosophy, etc.), talks about some of the main figures in the history of philosophy, and attempts to show the reader how to reason in a philosophical fashion. However, the attempt to integrate these falls flat. Instead of a tapestry, we have a collection of pieces of cloth. As a result, the format of this book is both confusing and confused. Moreover, although the book is intended for introductory students, the prose frequently becomes turgid and boring. Delving into esoterica often obscures the more important issues.  Although not totally without value (there is some decent information in the text), "Roots of Wisdom" is not nearly as worthwhile a text as are many that are currently on the market. Given the price tag (which is definitely on the high end), it is even less worthy of adoption as a classroom text.
4684 This book by Jay Adams was published nearly 30 years ago. If its message was needed back then, it is even more needed today. In it, Adams contrasts the almost frenetic attempt of American society to lift our self-esteem, particularly the self-esteem of our children, with the biblical portrayal of human nature. This desire to lift self-esteem has found its way into the church, where a message of ultimate self-worth has been substituted for the balanced message of the Gospel, which is that, because we are created in the image of God, we are creatures of worth, who, at the same time, are sinners in need of redemption. Adams's book calls us as Christians back to a true, biblical understanding of human nature, apart from which the Gospel doesn't make sense. For if we do not first see ourselves as sinners, we will not understand the grace and mercy of God in redeeming us through the blood of Jesus Christ.
4685 My wife is the co-owner of a candy store that specializes in imported European licorice. As a licorice lover, I've sampled almost all the varieties we carry. This includes licorice chalk, a treat quite familiar to the Dutch but not all that well-known in the States. As the name implies, each piece looks like a one-inch piece of chalk. The inside is a soft, almost gummy piece of sweet candy with a strong licorice taste. This is complemented by a harder white outer shell that has a minty flavor. Over the years this has become one of our best selling items, with many people coming in time after time to buy it. As a former teacher I've often thought it would be fun to have a piece of this licorice chalk in my hand one day in front of the class, and instead of writing on the board with it popping it into my mouth and eating it, much to the amazement of my students.
4686 "Betty Crocker's Christmas Cookbook" makes everything look mouth-watering good with its many full-page color pictures. It contains hundreds of recipes on everything from cookies to candies to Christmas coffee cakes to main dishes to vegetable and fruit dishes to beverages and more. While many of these recipes are for Christmas staples, it also contains a number of recipes I haven't located elsewhere. All the recipes have been kitchen-tested. This is a great cookbook to have not just during the Christmas season but throughout the year.
4687 I've used a lot of vanilla in my 40-plus years of baking. Once upon a time I thought that all vanilla extracts were the same. That was before I bought my first bottle of LorAnn Madagascar Vanilla five years ago. The LorAnn Madagascar extract is superior to anything I'd tried previously. It's pure with no fillers added. (Just vanilla and alcohol.) And it's quite strong. I've been able to cut down on the amount suggested in most recipes and still have great vanilla flavor. It has a somewhat different taste from most brands of vanilla, which is something of which the buyer should be aware. However, it's a pleasing taste and one that enhances the end result.
4688 This bluetooth selfie stick is quite easy to set up and use. When fully extended it is approximately 2 1/2 feet in length, which isn't as long as some selfie sticks but is long enough for most purposes. One of its best features is that it is quite compact. When collapsed it's just about 7 1/2 inches long. Its phone holder fits most smart phones quite securely, including the largest of them, such as the iPhone 6 and 6+. When the telescoping pole is extended it remains quite rigid and has almost no wobble to it. I had no trouble setting up and using my iPhone with this selfie stick. For the price this is an excellent value.  I was sent this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
4689 I have to admit that when I first heard about 'Julie & Julia" I was a bit skeptical. How could a movie about one person making all the recipes in a famous chef's cookbook and blogging about it make for an interesting movie, one that was going to hold my attention throughout? I soon found out.  First, both Meryl Streep (who, through a few photographic tricks manages to look far taller than she is in real life) and Amy Adams play the parts of Julia Child and Julie Powell to perfection. The talented Streep somehow manages to capture both the voice and the mannerisms of the famous chef to perfection. At the same time Adams convincingly plays the part of a somewhat unsure of herself but determined young woman who has set herself the goal of making all the recipes in the cookbook (some of which take a considerable amount of time), blogging about them, while at the same time holding onto her job in a federal agency in New York. (The tension that this creates in Julie's life and between her and her husband is well captured.)  Second, the food is mouthwatering. It made me want to find a French restaurant where I could try some of the dishes portrayed on the screen.  Finally, the director, Nora Ephron, was able to cut from Julia to Julie and back at all the appropriate times, making sure that we captured what was going on with one or the other of them, but at the same time not focusing on either of them for so long as for the scene to become tedious.  All in all, this is a movie definitely worth watching, even if you're not into French food.
4690 These slightly more than one ounce, tubular-shaped, individually-wrapped licorice bars are the perfect size for a single portion. They are soft and chewy and, as advertised, they are "all natural." The ingredients list is simple: Molasses, wheat flour, licorice extract, and natural flavor (aniseed oil). You can't get more basic (or natural) than that. Plus, the licorice flavor is strong but not overwhelming and, in combination with molasses as a sweetener, makes for a really great treat for the licorice lover. Don't expect these to be like the smooth, rubbery licorice sticks produced by some American manufacturers. These little bars and much better.
4691 This book by Reader's Digest is a good introduction to the background of the Bible and is written at a level that a middle-school student should be able to understand with ease. The topics covered include: Beginnings, The Worship of God, Heroes of Faith, Everyday Life, Kings and Conquerors, The miraculous and the unseen, The Messiah, The Bible through the ages. As far as I can tell, the book is written objectively and without noticeable theological bias. It is also really nicely laid out, with reproductions of many paintings illustrating biblical events, as well as some photographs. This would be an ideal gift for anyone age ten or above.
4692 "Ethics: Theory and Practice (Eleventh Edition)," by Jacques Thiroux, is a well-written presentation of theoretical ethics along with a discussion of a variety of practical issues. The first part, which consists of a presentation of several different approaches to ethics, includes chapters on consequentialist ethics, deontological ethics, virtue ethics, relativism, freedom and determinism, and reward and punishment. The various options are clearly laid out, and Thiroux presents the arguments in favor and against each position in an even-handed fashion.  The "practice" portion, which takes up somewhat more than half the book, includes issues such as capital punishment, abortion, euthanasia, sexual morality, bioethics, and environmental ethics. There is also a chapter devoted to business and media ethics, an area that is not always included in a work on applied ethics. One of the plusses of this portion of the book is that Thiroux includes a section, when discussing each of these issues, on how the various ethical theories (discussed in the theory portion of the book) would deal with the issue in question.  Another of the plusses in this book is that at the end of each chapter there is a rather extensive list of supplementary readings.  The biggest drawback is that there are no primary-source readings. This would have been a helpful addition and would serve to break the monotony that easily arises in a single-author text.
4693 I received my copy of "Owls: Their Natural and Unnatural History" a number of years ago. Perhaps because of the way they look or maybe because of their nocturnal habits, owls are one of the most fascinating of all birds. For anyone at all interested in discovering what these birds are really like, their habits, their habitats, why they can see so well in the dark, their mating tendencies, facts and myths surrounding them, and so forth, this is the book to have. Moreover, an appendix lists all the species of owls, classifying them by order, family, subfamily, and genus. This by itself is a treasure trove of information. (Prior to reading this book I had no idea there were so many species of owls.) Additionally, the book is amply illustrated, both through drawings and photographs. These pictures bring the text to life.  Whether you are a serious student of the owl or someone with a mild curiosity about these creatures, this is a great book to have. It is in every way the complete book of owls.
4694 Because I started reading the Far Side toward the end of Gary Larson's career as a newspaper cartoonist, I'm grateful that so many of these cartoons have been anthologized in the Gallery series. Of the several volumes I own, Number 5 is especially funny. From the Foreword by Jane Goodall to the last cartoon in the book, the collection is a barrel of laughs. Many of the cartoons are full-color productions. Although many of these cartoons previously appeared in "Cows of Our Planet," "The Chickens are Restless," and "The Curse of Madame 'C,'" they are certainly worth having in a single collection.
4695 Gimbal's Sugar Free Cherry Chews are bite-sized, soft, and chewy, and have a pleasant, distinct, but not overpowering cherry flavor. They're great as an afternoon snack and are one of my favorite sugar-free treats. These sugar-free chews are sweetened with maltitol, sorbitol and sucralose. (So, enjoy in moderation, since excessive consumption may have a laxative effect.) All Gimbals products are Kosher ("OU" pareve) and are nut free, transfat free, gelatin free, gluten free, dairy free, and egg free.
4696 This work, originally issued in two volumes ("Ideas of Revelation 1700-1860" and "Theories of Revelation 1860-1960), is combined into one volume in the Twin Brooks Series edition, which was published by Baker Book House in 1969. The work is an excellent and comprehensive study of revelation as it has been understood by theologians and philosophers over a period of approximately two and a half centuries. In the first volume H.D. McDonald discusses the theories of thinkers such as Descartes, the Cambridge Platonists, the Deists, Geo. Berkeley, the Westminster Divines, John Wesley, and so forth. The second volume discusses the beginnings of "higher criticism" as well as the orthodox reaction, the attack on inerrancy of Scripture, and the different view on the nature of inspiration and biblical authority.  Although McDonald discusses these various issues in some depth, it is nevertheless a readable work and one that provides an excellent overview of the different approaches to Scripture and to revelation that have been taken over the past three centuries. Because this work was written better than half a century ago, the most recent discussions are missing, but this does not in any way limit the book's usefulness as a historical survey.
4697 We have four mature apple trees in our yard (plus a pear tree that is just getting started). On a good year we pick twenty or more bushels of apples. (That's in addition to what we give away.) Until three years ago we peeled and sliced apples by hand. This was time-consuming indeed. We tried a couple of really cheap corers, and they were useless. Finally, we purchased this three-in-one apple peeler, corer, and slicer. And it worked great. We were able to process a bushel or more of apples in well under two hours. Moreover, our hands didn't hurt from having to hold onto and twist a knife while peeling. This made the production of applesauce, apple butter, and sliced apples for pies a breeze.  There are a couple limitations to this gadget, but they are minor. First, it works best on symmetrical apples. For most apples, even those that are misshapen, it will still work. It just won't work as effectively, and you'll still have to do a bit of peeling by hand. Second, it doesn't slice bruised or mealy apples very well. (But neither does anything else.)  It's also important that you secure each apple securely on the tongs. Otherwise, it won't work properly. It took us a little time to realize this. But once we did it worked great.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone who processes a lot of apples in the fall.
4698 "Introduction to Philosophy: A Christian Perspective," by Normal Geisler and Paul Feinberg, is about as good a first introduction to philosophy from a Christian perspective as is currently available. Despite having been published approximately a third of a century ago, nothing better is on the market. Written in an easy to understand style, the authors cover the standard areas of philosophy, with each major area of philosophy (such as theory of knowledge and ethics) broken down into several readily-digested chapters. Because the concepts and positions are explained so simply and lucidly I found myself referring to this book repeatedly when first teaching philosophy at the community college level nearly twenty years ago. Because of its overtly Christian perspective I could not use it as a text in the secular environment of the community college. However, I wish I could have, since there are not very many texts out there that adequate explain the issues in such a jargon-free fashion.  Not that it is a perfect text. No text is. For example, I wish that the authors had spent far more time discussing the problem of evil than they did. I also wish that in the section on ethics they had addressed the issue of moral motivation and the relationship of belief in a God of perfect justice to motivation. However, I also realize that delving into these (and any other issue) in depth would defeat the purpose of a general introduction of this sort.  In sum, the authors have done an admirable job of accomplishing what they set out to do.
4699 One can get by without a gazetteer if one is just planning on driving the major highways across a state. For that an ordinary roadmap will do. However, if one is going to seriously explore a state, a gazetteer is essential. This is especially true of Pennsylvania, which is not laid out on a grid pattern. As a result, most of the highways and byways don't go in a straight line. That's why in my explorations of various parts of the state of Pennsylvania (which is where my wife is from, and we visit it frequently) I always take along my gazetteer. I don't know how many times my gazetteer has come in handy finding the way to some little hamlet or place of interest or providing me a shortcut that isn't shown on a regular roadmap. In addition, topographical features are noted, as are parks, camping sites, little rivers and creeks, lakes and ponds, that don't show up on an ordinary map.
4700 Over the past three decades I've bought jars of every brand of dry roasted peanuts our supermarket carries. As far as overall quality, Planters wins hands down. The peanuts are always crisp and flavorful, and rarely if ever do I get one that's been burnt in the roasting process (unlike some jars of peanuts I've had), and I almost never encounter one that tastes bitter. All in all, these are high quality peanuts and I highly recommend them for anyone who likes dry roasted peanuts. Planters also makes a lightly salted variety, which is also very good, as well as this unsalted variety for those who are watching their sodium intake.  If you eat a lot of peanuts, this large tub is ideal, since it usually has a much better price per ounce than does the 16-ounce size.
4701 If you're looking for a commentary on the book of Revelation that provides a timeline for future events, that figures out for you who the Beast is, what the hidden meaning of 666 is, when the Millennium begins and whether it is 1,000 years in length, provides an answer to the dispute between post-trib and pre-trib rapturists, this is not the book for you. Aune's three-volume contribution to the Word Biblical Commentary series is anything but this. It is a serious and detailed study on the book of Revelation, its purpose, its symbolism, the nature of its composition, and the like. As others have noted, it is primarily a scholar's commentary. (This is true of the WBC series in general, although some of the volumes have more "practical" application than do others.) Which means that the person who (ideally) has a working knowledge of Greek or at least some familiarity with the language and who is willing to really dig into the plethora of issues Aune discusses is likely to be rewarded by a serious study of this commentary. This first volume consists of an analysis of Revelation Chapters 1-5.
4702 About a year ago I came across these Marich Chocolate Cherries for the first time. Until then, I hadn't been a big fan of this particular confection. However, when I tasted one I was sold on them. The dark outer shell is a silky smooth milk chocolate, dyed red to give it a cherry color, and lives up to the quality of other products produced by Marich. The cherry firm and quite tasty. It's different from the traditional candied chocolate-covered cherries in fondant. The latter are (in my estimation) sickeningly sweet. These have just the right amount of sweetness and have a genuine cherry taste.
4703 It's been a few years since I discovered Claeys sanded candy squares in a little general store while on vacation. I sampled several varieties at the time and some more in another venue and decided that these are just about the best hard-candy drops around. This is as true of the watermelon-flavored drops as the other varieties. These drops have a genuine watermelon taste, one that I find quite pleasing. A list of ingredients follows: Sugar, corn syrup, citric acid, artificial flavor, color added: Red 3.
4704 This bar combines the rich taste of semisweet dark chocolate with a perfect dose of chili pepper. When I first tried this combination I wasn't sure that I would like it. After all, I thought, why ruin the taste of great chocolate? I was wrong. The tangy taste of chili actually enhances the taste of the chocolate. And, while it would be possible to emphasize the chili so much that it overpowers the chocolate taste, this Lindt bar gets the combination exactly right. While the hot chili taste is definitely noticeable, it doesn't overshadow the rich dark chocolate taste so characteristic of Lindt bars. This has become one of my favorite combinations.
4705 These Jelly Belly assorted jelly beans are about as good as jelly beans come. Most of the flavors are pretty true in character and are identifiable as such. (This is especially true of the fruit flavors.) Here's just a few of the 49 flavors available: Green Apple, Sunkist Lemon, Mango, Raspberry, Red Apple, Plum, Kiwi, Peach, Coconut, Buttered Popcorn, Bubble Gum, Dr Pepper, French Vanilla, Toasted Marshmallow. There's something for just about everyone in this selection.
4706 I was too young to read or appreciate MAD when it started as a comic book in the E.C. Comics lineup in the early Fifties. However, I began my journey with MAD during the last two years of that decade. I was quickly hooked and bought just about every issue. "MAD About the Fifties" thus served a twofold purpose. I was able to find out how MAD evolved so much in the early years of the decade, and the reproduction of the material from the later years of the decade (by which time MAD had evolved into the magazine that it would be for decades to come) was like a walk down memory lane.
4707 First published nearly six decades ago David Schwartz's "The Magic of Thinking Big" remains relevant. There are some out of date examples. However, there is also a lot of solid advice on getting ahead in the corporate world. A good deal of what Schwartz writes is just sound common sense, but it is also good advice. This is a reader-friendly book with many concrete examples. While addressed primarily to people in the corporate world, its principles apply to self-employed entrepreneurs, teachers and professors, and workers in religious and other non-profit organizations. This book has many lessons to teach us and is definitely a worthwhile read.
4708 Like most of the other volumes in the Word Biblical Commentary series, Donald A. Hagner's commentary on Matthew's Gospel is a worthy scholarly endeavor. Although it is possible to disagree with his interpretation of various passages or even some of his comments on the overall purpose of this Gospel, his ability to interact with the text is quite evident. The commentary follows the format of most of the other WBC volumes. After a general introduction, the commentary on each section or chapter begins with an original translation by the author, followed by a series of notes on the translation and the Greek text. After this comes "Form/Structure/Setting," which is generally fairly technical in its approach to the portion of the text under consideration. The footnotes and this section will be of most interest to the scholar. However, the "comment" section (which is an interpretation of the individual verses) and the "explanation" section (which provides an overview of the text) have plenty of material from which the general reader or layperson can benefit. Although clearly aware of form criticism and other aspects of "higher criticism," Hagner rejects the more radical conclusions of some of its proponents. He appears to accept the overall veracity of the text.  This volume is on the first thirteen chapters of Matthew's Gospel. Its companion volume (33B) contains the commentary on chapters 14-28.
4709 I like all the varieties of chipurnoi chips. However, I like these eucalyptus and menthol twists the best. These little firm but chewy chips deliver a real burst of flavor. They refresh the mouth and soothe the throat. (They're really great for a sore throat.) I keep a package of these on hand at all times. And because they're so small you can put a handful of them in your pocket to keep with you wherever you are. A pound lasts a long time.
4710 I saw "Old School" when it first came out in the movie theaters. In the intervening years my opinion of it has remained pretty much the same. One of several movies that have been engendered by the truly classic "Animal House," "Old School" is about on par with "Road Trip" when it comes to plausibility, humor, and grossness.  Like "Animal House," "Old School" involves men living together in a fraternity. Unlike "Animal House," the fellows in the fraternity aren't in their late teens and early twenties, but are mostly married men, several years beyond college age, whose marriages are on the rocks, and who have decided to move into a house near a college campus and form a fraternity of sorts (one where enrollment in the college is not necessary).  There is little in this movie that is the least bit profound, and the storyline is rather thin. However, there are a number of really funny scenes, and Vince Vaughn and Will Ferrell in particular do their usual outstanding job of making their characters come alive. Although there are a few scenes that amply warrant the "R" rating the movie received, for the most part the movie consists of funny, though sometimes sophomoric hijinks. It's a decent enough movie for a few good laughs when vegging on a Friday evening.
4711 From the beautiful collectible tin to the mint pastilles inside, everything about this product from Anis de Flavigny is elegant. Like the original anise drop, each mint drop contains a green aniseed that has been carefully selected from Spain, Turkey, or Syria and has been processed in a large copper vat. The aniseed is then coated with sugar and flavored with mint to produce this wonderfully delicate drop. These little drops are hard and should be enjoyed by letting them slowly melt in the mouth. (Don't try to bite into them or chew them. They're too hard.) The drops contain nothing but sugar, natural flavoring, and aniseed. A two-piece serving is just 10 calories.
4712 After watching all the Doc Martin series I was searching for something equally engaging. Foyle's War filled the bill.  The series is set against the background of World War II in Hastings, England. The main characters are likeable and the story lines are engaging. There's mystery, murder, romance, quirky personalities and amazing twists and turns in the plot. The acting is top-notch.  The first episode The German Woman captured my attention immediately. There were so many suspects and they seemed equally able of having committed the murder.  I ended up watching every episode of Foyle's War within a month and kept wishing I could pace myself better. But the series is so good, I just couldn't make myself stop watching. Highly recommend this series.
4713 G. I. Williamson's classic explanation of each article and section of the Westminster Confession of Faith is perhaps the best available on the market today. The author examines every article in detail and those points that are difficult or controversial are explained in a clear and coherent way. I found his discussions of the sovereignty of God in election and the relationship between the natures and the person of Christ to be especially helpful. Each section is followed by a list of study questions to help the reader in understanding the material. (Answers to these questions are in the back of the book.)  A couple years back I used it in a group study on the Confession and it proved invaluable.
4714 My wife and I are always on the lookout for a fun Friday night movie. This one certainly fits the bill. Lighthearted, well-crafted and excellent acting. The story is pretty basic . . . slightly chubby single gal desperately longs for the love of her life. Swept off her feet by her charming boss, she is totally knocked out when she discovers he is not exactly the man he has portrayed himself to be. A handsome and brilliant childhood friend enters her life . . . somewhere along the line charming boss and childhood friend have known one another and have had a terrible falling out over another woman. Poor chubby girl doesn't know who to trust.  There is absolutely nothing sappy or mundane about this movie. The pace is perfect, the music delightful and the denouement delightful. I highly recommend this romantic comedy classic.
4715 This mustard came as a Christmas stocking stuffer. I've tried various spicy mustards over the years in hope I would find the perfect mustard. Some have been really good, some not quite so good. And to some extent what I want depends on what sort of mood I'm in and what I'm putting the mustard on. I have come to really like this Alstertor mustard. It has a pleasant taste without being overwhelming. Although I consider it a fairly mild mustard, it is stronger (and nicer) than a typical dijon mustard. At the same time it doesn't have the astringency of certain mustards that heavily emphasize the horseradish. I have found it to be a great complement to large soft pretzels. It also works pretty well with a not overly spiced sausage as well. And I like the little mug. As a home brewer I've often thought it would be nice to have a mug like this when I wanted to sample my beer.
4716 I love all the Panda licorice products I've tried, whether traditional black licorice, raspberry, or cherry. This is truly a quality product, made with all natural ingredients, as can be seen from the complete list of ingredients: Molasses, wheat flour, cherry puree, citric acid, natural flavor, black carrot juice concentrate, licorice extract. There's nothing artificial in that list. These bite-sized chews contain a burst of genuine cherry flavor (not surprising, seeing that cherry puree is one of the ingredients) and are soft but chewy. They are also just a bit grainy, unlike much of the licorice that is on the market. Thus, their texture may take some getting used to. (I think the graininess is a result of the use of wheat flour.) But if you can get past this, there's nothing better on the market when it comes to red licorice.
4717 In this book author SJ tackles the issue of how to get rid of fat. Beginning by debunking various myths about fat and how to acquire a lean, sculpted physique, SJ presents techniques that, if followed, work in achieving the result of a leaner, harder body. "F.U. Fat" contains a great deal of useful information. Not only does SJ look at the pros and cons of various diets, but he provides general principles that should be followed no matter what the specifics of our diet may be, as well as how to make your own effective pre-workout supplement (including the essential ingredients of this supplement). The last major section of the book contains a great deal of information on how to craft your workouts to maximize the burning and eventual obliteration of excess fat. While little of what SJ writes is revolutionary, "F.U. Fat" stands out in its presentation of the material in a systematic, easy-to-comprehend way, and in the detail in which the material is presented, despite being a fairly short book that can be read in a couple hours.
4718 I made my first pumpkin pie more than 40 years ago and I used Libby's pumpkin. I was well satisfied with its quality. Since then I've tried other brands of pumpkin, including the store brand. And none of them makes as good a pumpkin pie as does Libby's. In fact, it gives me a better-tasting pie than what I can make from my home-grown pumpkins (which I've also tried). I almost always follow the pumpkin pie recipe that's on the can, since it's better than any other recipe for pumpkin I've come across.
4719 The medieval philosophy anthology edited by Wippel and Wolter has been around for close to half a century and is one of the better anthologies available. One advantage is that it has writings from many different philosophers of the era, including St. Aurelius Augustine, Boethius, John Scotus Eriugena, St. Anselm and Gaunilon, Peter Abelard and Peter Lombard, Avicenna and Averroes, Maimonides, Roger Bacon, Sts. Bonaventure and Aquinas, Duns Scotus, William of Ockham, and Nicholas of Cusa. Lesser-known figures such as Frigidus, Honorius of Autun, and Odo Rigaud are also included.  This is definitely an advantage of this anthology. However, it also is its disadvantage, in that the material from any one philosopher is quite limited. For example, Aquinas' writings are limited to under 20 pages and only an extremely short selection of three pages of Peter Lombard's "Sentences" is included. (St. Augustine does somewhat better, receiving nearly 50 pages of space.)  Short introductions are given by the editors to the writings of each philosopher anthologized, which, despite their brevity, are helpful.
4720 Robert Mounce is a historic premillennialist; however, his presentation is balanced and fair to those whose interpretation differs from his. This is a great commentary for the layperson. It is quite readable, with technical points being placed in the footnotes. For its purpose, which is to make the book of Revelation accessible to the general reader, there are few commentaries that are better than the one Mounce has written.
4721 At the beginning of her book, "The Mindful Parenting Handbook," Alana Jones, who has worked extensively with children with behavioral issues, notes that children today are more stressed than ever. Unlike years ago, teachers in today's schools witness almost daily meltdowns among their students. How can this be combatted?  Ms. Jones answers, "Through teaching children how to practice mindfulness." And that's what this book attempts to do. It's written primarily for parents (although it's certainly appropriate for all adults who have frequent contact with children). And it discusses what mindfulness is and how parents can teach their children mindfulness. Primary among the practices described are yoga, deep-breathing, and other techniques to create mindfulness. Although mainly an overview, the book provides enough detail to give parents a guide on how to create this mindfulness. The book also provides several online resources for further guidance in mindfulness.
4722 Kinder Cats are the licorice that put the Katjes company of Germany on the map. These tiny little black cats are quite firm but not brittle with a strong and moderately sweet licorice taste. Although they contain ammonium chloride (also known as salmiak), a common ingredient in European licorice, the saltiness barely shows. For those who are familiar with Dutch licorice cats, the Katjes German cats are smaller and harder. They take some time to chew and can stick to your teeth a bit, but this simply adds to the length of time that the flavor of licorice remains in your mouth. They're a great treat for anyone who enjoys good, strong licorice.
4723 Okay. I'll admit it. I've watched every episode of Monty Python's Flying Circus several times. I have all the episodes on DVD as well. And I have significant parts various sketches memorized. But one thing I lack: The ability to understand a Britisher speaking with a British accent. So, when I was given "All the Words" as a Christmas present some years ago, I was at last able to figure out those parts that had remained a mystery to me. For example, for years I couldn't quite make out the third of the four chief weapons of the Spanish Inquisition. "A ruthless efficiency" sounded like "the rule of sufficiency" to me. I had no idea what the rule of sufficiency might be. Finally, I realized that there was no rule of sufficiency at all.  And so it was that once I owned the two volumes of "All the Words" a new world opened up. I knew that the fellow who sold beds and who "exaggerated a bit" (every figure being ten times too high) was named Mr. Verity, a name I had never been able to quite discern no matter how closely I listened to the dialogue, and that Ronald Equatol's wife was named "Audry." As every true Monty Python fan knows, exactness in repeating the dialogue is of the essence. "All the Words" is indispensable to this project.
4724 Tormented by his memories of torture during his imprisonment by the Japanese in WWII, Eric Lomax seeks revenge against his main tormentor. Instead, he finds peace through forgiveness and reconciliation.  This movie is tough to watch. Colin Firth and Nicole Kidman are extraordinary in their performances as tormented husband and anguished wife.  Be prepared for an experience that could prove torturous to you, but this film is totally worth the it.
4725 Edited by Christina Hoff Sommers and Fred Sommers, "Vice & Virtue in Everyday Life" is an excellent introduction to philosophical ethics. The book contains many classic and contemporary writings in theoretical ethics along with a limited number of writings on "practical" issues.  Here are some of the chapter titles: Good and Evil; Is it all Relative?; Morality and Self-interest; Moral Doctrines and Moral Theories; Virtue; Vice; Morality and Social Policy; The Meaning of Life. All the major issues in philosophical ethics, from moral relativism through Kantianism and utilitarianism to virtue ethics, along with egoism, etc., are covered. The chapter on Morality and Social Policy is the only one devoted primarily to "applied ethics." This chapter discusses issues such as world poverty and hunger, abortion, animal rights, and affirmative action.  This is a very fair book, with the editors including selections from a variety of perspectives.
4726 It's been close to 20 years since I first came across peanut butter-filled pretzels while visiting Amish country in Lancaster County PA. I loved them right from the start.  That's why I was happy to discover these at our local Trader Joe's not long ago. The pretzel dough is nice and crisp, just what you want in a hard pretzel. But what makes this pretzels unique is the creamy peanut butter in the middle. This is what I like best about them. Not only is the peanut butter smooth and creamy but it also has a wonderful taste.
4727 The commentary on the second half of Mark in the Word Biblical Commentary series begins where the commentary on the first half of Mark by Robert Guelich leaves off. Like Guelich's, the one by Craig Evans is detailed and follows the format common to most of the volumes in the WBC. Evans's commentary has a lot that will prove of greatest interest to the serious scholar. The section that comprises the footnotes to his original translation of the text, for instance, make considerable reference to the Greek text, and hence will be most helpful to someone with a working knowledge of Greek. The Form/Structure/Setting section that follows also brings in more technical issues. However, the "comment" and "explanation" sections contain a good deal of information and insight that will prove valuable to the general reader. Evans's discussion of the 16:9-20 and whether it represents the original ending of the Gospel is balanced and insightful.  guelich robert
4728 The late Leon Morris was one of the most respected New Testament commentators of his generation. The editors of the NICNT did well to ask him to write the commentary on John. Although he was well-versed in the entire New Testament, one of his specialties was the book of John. His commentary, originally published in 1971, quickly became a classic in the field. It remains such today. While it is sufficiently lengthy and detailed to satisfy the need of the serious student of the Johannine corpus (the 1971 edition runs 891 pages exclusive of back material), it is quite readable as well. As a result, the more casual student of the Word whose primary purpose may be nothing more than to determine the meaning of a particular text, will be able to understand what Morris is saying without difficulty. An additional feature that aids the overall readability is that more technical matters, including commentary on Greek (and in some cases, Hebrew) usage, is confined to the footnotes.  For those interested in such matters, I would highly recommend the introductory material as well. In it, Morris discusses issues such as authorship, date of composition, purpose, the theology of John, and place of writing. I would especially recommend reading his extensive comments on authorship, in which he makes a compelling case for the Johannine authorship of the Fourth Gospel.
4729 Jude is clearly one of the most neglected books of the NT. Second Peter is not far behind. Richard Bauckham's commentary, now (2013) in print for more than thirty years, goes a long way in correcting this neglect. Written in a scholarly though readable fashion, Bauckham addresses all the important issues of interpretation of the text in both books, and also presents a detailed analysis of other crucial issues regarding these two books.  For some conservative scholars, his denial of the Petrine authorship of 2 Peter will prove disturbing. Although I am not fully convinced by his argument, I find it interesting and well reasoned. Even if one ultimately rejects his position, it is worth considering, for in it Bauckham marshals an impressive amount of evidence against the Petrine authorship of this book. For those who hold to the traditional authorial view (as I do), Bauckham's arguments are not always easy to answer.  Those interested in Jude will find Bauckham's discussion of "The Testament of Moses" (the "Assumption of Moses"), the apparent source of Jude 9, to be fascinating, and will also find a detailed account of Jude's quotation from 1 Enoch, which forms the basis for Jude's comments in vv. 14-16.  Although the serious scholar is likely to derive the most benefit from this commentary, it is clearly enough written that someone wishing to get an overview of one or both of these books will benefit as well.
4730 Having read "Amazing Grace" and "Bonhoeffer," I was looking forward to seeing how Eric Metaxas would present the lives and influence of seven women. Obviously the space devoted to each would be limited and the author would have to focus on the most salient points of their biographies and their influence. I was not disappointed. Metaxas did a great job of providing sufficient detail so that the reader gets a sense of who these people are, while at the same time homing in on the characteristics that made these women individuals whose stories are eminently worth telling. In a space of about 190 pages, the author, by keeping focused on the main points of the stories he wants to tell, is able to give us a real sense of their greatness.  All seven of themJoan of Arc, Susanna Wesley, Hannah More, Saint Maria of Paris, Corrie ten Boom, Rosa Parks, and Mother Teresaare painted with verbal brush strokes that make them come alive to the reader. And while the warts and foibles of these women are not ignored (nor should they be), in the end one can see why they are true heroes of the faith. I have little doubt that Metaxas wished he could have included other women, while and most readers (myself included) can think of a few (or perhaps many) who could easily have made the list, in the end these seven women are truly representative of how God can use his people, diverse though they may be, to have a transformative influence on the world around them.
4731 Every year my wife and I use a different devotional book for our reading at the breakfast table in the morning. We did this with "God's Way Day By Day" a few years back. We really enjoyed Dr. Stanley's approach. Each daily devotional study has a title, a key verse, and a short message, which is practical and to the point and extremely easy to understand and apply. A day's devotional message can be read in a couple minutes, but those minutes may turn out to be extremely significant. The book can be used either as a morning devotional reading or at the end of the day.
4732 I remember Smith Brothers cough drops from when I was a kid more than half a century ago. The wild cherry and the licorice were my co-favorites. I'm grateful that they're available once again. The best news is that they're the same as they were back thenjust as flavorful and effective as they've always been. So, for temporary relief of a sore throat or other discomfort in the mouth, or just because you like the flavor, pick up a pack today. These little fat-free drops will do the trick.
4733 First off, why make home-brewed beer from a beer kit? Because if you carefully follow the instructions and make sure that all your equipment is properly sanitized, the end-result is nearly full-proof. All the ingredients are carefully measured for you, which takes the guesswork out of the brewing process. The beer you brew will be the beer you wanted to brew.  Next, what about the "Russian Imperial Stout"? This is the second beer I've made from a Brewer's Best kit. (The first was the German Altbier. That one turned out great as well.) Like its description, it has an intense roast flavor with a distinct taste of malt. It compares favorably with stouts I've tasted from microbreweries in the area in terms of its complexity. But be forewarned: This is a high-alcohol content beer at approximately 8% ABV.
4734 This may not be the top of the line balsamic vinegar, but it is still very good. I've been using it regularly for the past three years or so, ever since I first discovered it at our local Trader Joe's. It has the rich taste of the balsamic vinegar to which I am accustomed. I use it primarily as a component in my vinegar and oil salad dressing. (I combine approximately equal parts of balsamic vinegar with olive oil and a little water, add a teaspoon of sugar, and season with various Italian seasonings.) If you have a local Trader Joe's, buy it there. It's far cheaper than online.
4735 When my wife checked both the adult and children's version of "Eats, Shoots & Leaves" out of the library I wasn't sure why the latter accompanied the former. I soon found out. The adult version is both humorous and informative. The children's version is humorous, informative, and endearing. The illustrations that accompany each example brought a smile to my face (and even an occasional chuckle) and amply demonstrated in a way that even a child (or a childlike adult) could understand the purpose of commas and why they make a difference. Although our children are both adults (and are pretty decent writers), I wish we had had this book when they were young. This is a great teaching tool for grade schoolers, and, given the state of punctuation today, it's beneficial for adults as well.
4736 Although written four and a half centuries ago, Calvin's commentaries on the Bible remain one of the most important contributions to biblical exegesis. In addition to his own translation of the passages under consideration, Calvin also provides detailed exegesis of each passage in its context. When different views are possible on the meaning of  a text, Calvin carefully discusses these various meanings before settling on the one he considers most plausible. (He also gives a detailed argument for why a particular reading should be preferred.) Calvin did not have the advantage of another 450 years or so of scholarship, but his commentaries are still relevant today. I have found myself consulting them time and again in my own study of the Bible.  The following has been noted in at least one other review: Although Calvin provided commentary on much of the Bible, he did not get around to writing commentary on the entire Bible before his death. As a result, his commentary set does not include commentary on every book of the Bible. Included among the missing are Revelation, 2 and 3 John, Judges through Job, and Proverbs through Song of Solomon. However, those commentaries he did complete are invaluable and deserve a place in the library of every serious scholar of the Word.
4737 My wife and I took a chance on "Timer" a few weeks back when we sat down to watch our every Friday evening quirky movie. At first I was a bit skeptical of a movie where the basic premise is that through the implantation of a timer one can discover just how long it will be (down to the moment) before one finds one's soulmate, and that one's timer will buzz (as will that of one's soulmate) when that moment arrives. It had all the outward appearances of a one-joke movie that becomes tedious after the first five minutes.  Nothing could have been further from the truth. "Timer" is funny, endearing, and surprisingly deep movie that is well worth watching. It brings up the age-old but elemental question of whether, if we could know with certainty something so important as to when we would meet our soulmate and when we did, we knew who that soulmate was, would we be better off? Much of the movie deals with the way the different characters deal with this very issue. (The movie also raises the issue, not specifically addressed in the movie itself, of whether human beings have the freedom to falsify what seems to be predestined by, in this case, refusing to have anything to do with the person the timers indicate is one's soulmate.)  For a movie of this genre, the characters are surprisingly well developed. Although the premise has an element of science fiction in it, the characters are entirely believable and exhibit the total gamut of human emotion.
4738 Panda licorice chews have all-natural ingredients. They're bite-sized and have a rich licorice flavor. They are relatively soft and chewy. Their texture is a bit different from most licorice in that it is somewhat grainy. I'm not sure why this is, but it may be the result of using wheat flour. The taste, however, can't be beat. Plus, there aren't any additives or anything artificial. Here's a complete list of the ingredients: Molasses, wheat flour, licorice extract, and natural flavor (aniseed oil).
4739 The commentary on the three Johannine letters by Stephen Smalley is not light reading and is probably not the sort of commentary that one will read merely to get an overview of these epistles. However, for the scholar this commentary is invaluable. Smalley does an outstanding job of analyzing the Greek text (with appropriate translations of passages that he quotes from that text) and discussing the different interpretations that other commentators have offered over the years. In those passages where the interpretation is disputed, Smalley presents the different interpretations of the passage and is fair to those with whom he disagrees. At no point is Smalley's commentary superficial. If there is any criticism to be leveled it is that at times he gets too bogged down in the details.  The one area where he could have expanded his comments is in the "Introduction." Unlike some of the commentaries in the Word commentary series, Smalley's has a rather short introduction of just 13 pages. This includes his argument for the multiple authorship of these letters (1 John by one writer of the Johannine school and 2 & 3 John by another author). Since this is a rather unusual hypothesis, I would have liked to have seen him spend more time in arguing for and defending it.
4740 Ever since I can remember I've loved the taste of blueberries, particularly blueberry jams and preserves. Of all the brands I've tasted, Smucker's is the best available on the supermarket shelves. In every way it delivers. It's not at all watery but is nice and thick and has a rich blueberry flavor. I use it, not just on toast, but also as a topping on pancakes and french toast and as a sweetener for my homemade yogurt. The only blueberry preserves I've ever tasted that have been as good as Smucker's is what my mom used to make when I was growing up. Smucker's is the closet thing to hers I've ever had.
4741 As someone who has had an interest over the years in cellular biology and bioethics, I was eager to read this book when it was first published. I had already heard about the HeLa cells and was vaguely aware of the controversy surrounding them. So, I was eager to gain a better understanding. The book did not disappoint me. Rather, it gave me far more insight and information than I had previously. Not only did I learn a lot more about the history of these cells, but the book also provided me with examples of several important ethical issues I could raise when I taught my classes on bioethics. "The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks" is not just an interesting read (although it is certainly that). It also raises a number of significant issues in bioethics.
4742 If all you care about is getting across Kansas on the interstate or a federal highway, your average road atlas will do. However, for serious exploration a gazetteer is invaluable. I've had my copy for several years now, and although I live in southern Nebraska, I've had ample opportunity to explore Kansas. I've found this gazetteer to be a useful tool in finding secondary roads that provide a shortcut between one location and another, since all the roads (even the least maintained secondary roads) are shown. Moreover, the gazetteer shows many topographical features, including the smallest creeks, ponds, hills, and the like. If you enjoy driving on the road less traveled, this one's for you.
4743 This book written by theologian R. C. Sproul was originally published in 1990. It is written from an evangelical Christian perspective and presents the pro-life position in a way that is well reasoned. For the most part Sproul does not use emotionally-laded arguments to make his case. The book begins with six chapters that ask foundational questions, such as "When Does Life Begin?" and "The Role of Government in Abortion." This is followed by four chapters that analyze arguments for the pro-choice position. Sproul does a good job of presenting these positions fairly and then critically evaluating them. The final two chapters of the book present a pro-life response to the pro-choice position as well as a pro-life strategy. An appendix contains a significant portion of testimony from a court proceedings discussing the matter of the beginning of life.
4744 If you're not expecting a profound existential message, this is a decent movie to watch. The plot can be summarized in a few sentences. Adam (played by Stuart Townsend) meets Kate Hudson's character, who is the youngest of three sisters, in a pub. He quickly charms her and before long they're in bed together. But it doesn't stop there. When Adam meets the family, he quickly seduces the middle sister and eventually the oldest. Even the brother of the three sisters is attracted to him.  What makes this movie a bit unusual is that it is told from the perspective of the three sisters in turn, beginning with the youngest and proceeding to the oldest. At first this is just a bit confusing (at least it was to me), since various scenes are replayed two or three times. But we quickly catch on to the fact that we are seeing this through the eyes of each of the sisters in turn. The crucial scene in all this is the one in which Adam agrees to marry the youngest sister, doing so in public (again in the pub) and in the presence of the other two sisters.  If you can get past the rather slow start (my wife and I almost bailed out after fifteen minutes), the movie begins to pick up and becomes funny and enjoyable to watch. And if you can get over the fact that Adam, while having charm, seemingly has no truly redeeming moral characteristics, and that the ending is somewhat unrealistic, it's a movie worth watching once.
4745 I love fruit-flavored gummy candies. And among my favorites are the Haribo pink grapefruit wedges. The wedges are fairly large and are dusted with sugar. They have a strong, genuinely grapefruit taste and the sweet and sour flavor is just about perfectly balanced. Here is a list of ingredients: Sugar, corn syrup, gelatin, citric acid, fumaric acid, corn starch, artificial and natural flavors, artificial color: Red 40.
4746 When I first got this book I was skeptical as to how anyone could provide the reader with an adequate overview of philosophy in 30 short writings that comprise barely over 100 pages of text. It turns out that Dominique Janicaud has done just that in "A Beginner's Guide to Philosophy." The book lays the foundation for philosophical reasoning and by briefly describing the main ideas of a diverse collection of philosophers including Socrates, Heraclitus, Aristotle, Descartes, Leibniz, Kant, Hegel, Schopenhauer, and Heidegger, shows why this is important. If nothing else, the reader will have gotten at least a glimpse of the thinking of some major philosophers and why they have believed as they have. On almost every page, the love of philosophy Janicaud has shines forth.
4747 Finnbar McBride (Peter Dinklage) is a dwarf who is willed an abandoned railroad station in tiny Newfoundland, New Jersey by his late boss. Having endured countless taunts because of his stature, Finn wants nothing more than to live out his life as a hermit in this isolated location in the hills of rural northern New Jersey, where he can indulge his passion for trains. However, such is not to be. He has barely arrived when he encounters Olivia (Patricia Clarkson), a recently-separated woman who is still grieving over the son she lost a couple years earlier and who, as an artist, has immersed herself in her painting to cover up the hurt. Although Finn tries hard to stay by himself, Olivia doesn't let this happen. Neither does Joe (Bobby Cannavale), the hot-dog vendor who sets up shop every day just outside the station. Little by little, these three, despite their different interests, become entwined with each other. Through this, each of these three people grow in self-awareness and character. This is definitely a movie worth watching.
4748 "There's a Hair in My Dirt," by Far Side creator Gary Larson, is the story of Harriet, a young girl, as told at the dinner table by the father of a worm family. Initially it appears to be a children's story, but it's far more than that, for it also contains a message for each one of us. What we initially think is often mistaken. And this includes our beliefs concerning the world around us. What we might believe our actions will preserve nature, those very actions may prove harmful to the proper working of nature. Because he demonstrates this through examples rather than precepts, he is able to make the point without being preachy.
4749 If one could describe in one word "Empire Express," the book by David Bain detailing the building of the first transcontinental railroad, it would be "comprehensive." At 711 pages (exclusive of footnotes, bibliography, and index) it provides a thorough account of the personalities, conflicts, and intrigues involved in the massive undertaking that linked the Midwest with the West Coast and was instrumental in the settling of the Great Plains.  This is more than a book about the building of a railroad. In fact, much of the time the actual construction of the railroad takes a back seat to the personalities who were the driving forces behind this joint project of the Central Pacific and Union Pacific Railroads. (As one quickly discovers from reading this book, the term "joint project" must be understood advisedly. "Rivalry," sometimes bitter, would be a better description of what went on.)  This is not a book for those who are looking for a lighthearted, easy read. As the length would indicate, this is a book with a lot of details (one that sometimes gets bogged down in them). Bain writes like a historian, not a novelist. As a result, at times the prose is dull. However, this book will reward the reader who is willing to plow through the prose with a fascinating look at an important and sometimes overlooked moment in the history of the United States.
4750 Frederick Copleston has done an important service to all students of the history of philosophy in his nine-volume "A History of Philosophy." The book being reviewed is Part 2 of Volume 2. This deals with Medieval philosophy from Alfred the Great to Duns Scotus. After a fairly quick discussion of Alfred, Copleston provides a detailed analysis of the thought of the great philosophers of the latter Middle Ages, including Aquinas and Scotus.  Although Copleston was a Jesuit and certainly drawn more to the philosophy of some of the philosophers he discusses, particularly Aquinas, his handling of the various philosophers is quite objective. All in all, this is a most worthy endeavor and still a standard work on a most fascinating period in the history of Western thought. Someone seeking a good, detailed overview of Medieval thought couldn't do much better than beginning with Copleston.
4751 I've worn several pairs of Asics in the GT-2100 series. The GT-2000 appears to be a great replacement. I've experienced no problems with the fit or the feel of the shoes. The GT-2000 appears to have a bit more cushioning than does the GT-2100.. Also, my last pair in the GT-2100 series was a bit cramped in the toe of the shoe (although it was the same size as all the Asics I had bought previously). This doesn't seem to be a problem with my GT-2000s.  The other problem that I had with some pairs from the GT-2100 series is that the mesh area near the great toe on my left foot wore out. (It never happened with my right toe.) So far this has not been a problem with my pair of GT-2000s.
4752 This is a nice little cookbook that features 38 recipes using various berries. The berries are: Strawberry, Blueberry, Raspberry, Blackberry, Gooseberry, Huckleberry, and Boysenberry. In addition, there are two recipes for watermelon. The recipes include strawberry granola, blueberry pancakes, huckleberry muffins, boysenberry pie, along with various smoothies, salads, spreads, chutney, salsa, and desserts.  At the beginning of each section is a short description of the health benefits of the berry featured in that section. For example, "Rich in nutrients, gooseberries improve eye vision, skin and hair health, as well as promote nervous system, memory and brain health."  Almost all the recipes are straightforward and easy to make. The directions are clear, and the ingredients can readily be found in supermarkets or specialty stores. All the recipes are consistent with a Paleo diet and are gluten free.
4753 Will Durant's "Caesar and Christ" (the third volume in "The Story of Civilization") describes in detail the Roman Empire through the time of Emperor Constantine along with the first three centuries of the Christian faith. The history of the Roman Empire is covered from its origins, through the time of Julius Caesar and the subsequent emperors, and also contains a detailed account of the various peoples who contributed to making the Roman Empire what it was. And it describes the art, the literature, and the philosophies of the empire in detail.  In addition, "Caesar and Christ" traces the development of Christianity from its origins in an obscure region in the eastern reaches of the empire to a faith that became a dominant force within that empire, despite the intermittent attempts of the rulers of the empire to stamp it out or make it conform to the dictates of the state. While this part of the story is told in many books on church history, none does a better job than does this volume by Will Durant.
4754 Montana is the fourth largest state by area and, other than in the cities, is sparsely populated. Plus, because it's so big it varies widely in terrain and climate from the mountains in the west to the high plains in the east. Now, I've always made sure that I have a state's Delorme gazetteer with me when I do any serious exploration of the state. And so, when I knew that I would be spending some time in Montana, I made sure that I procured a copy of the Montana gazetteer before going there. I found it quite useful for several reasons. First, because it's a topographical map I was able to figure out in advance what sort of terrain I would be encountering. Even more crucial, I was able to use secondary roads and backroads to get to streams and creeks and other out-of-the-way places that I never would have known existed if I had just had a regular roadmap. Knowing that I wouldn't get lost in such a sparsely populated state with so little traffic on the backroads gave me a sense of security.
4755 "A Concise Hebrew and Aramaic Lexicon of the Old Testament" by William Holladay is an excellent basic lexicon for students of the Hebrew and Aramaic scriptures. The print is large enough as to be readable, although some of us who are getting a bit old will need a cheap pair of reading glasses. To get maximum use out of this lexicon, it's important to at least have a rudimentary knowledge of Hebrew grammar. Although it isn't as detailed as Brown, Driver, and Briggs, it's sufficient for the needs of anyone whose primary purpose is to check on the meaning(s) of a word.
4756 Although pastors will certainly benefit from "The Supremacy of God in Preaching," it is a book that every serious Christian should read. It does an excellent job of pointing out who must be at the center and the heart of preaching--God Himself.  Piper divides this short book (approximately 100 pages of text) into two parts. The is entitled "Why God Should be Supreme in Preaching." In it he discusses first the "goal" of preaching (the glory of God), then the "ground" of preaching (the cross of Christ), and finally the "gift" of preaching (the power of the Holy Spirit). Having grounded preaching in the Triune God, he concludes Part I with a discussion of the "gravity and gladness" of preaching.  Part 2 is "How to Make God Supreme in Preaching: Guidance from the Ministry of Jonathan Edwards." He examines the life of Edwards (the main focus being to keep God central), the theology of Edwards (submitting to God's "sweet sovereignty"), and the preaching of Edwards (the purpose of which is to make God supreme).  The motivation for Piper's book is summed up nicely in the Preface: "Preaching that does not have the aroma of God's greatness may entertain for a season, but it will not touch the hidden cry of the soul: 'Show me thy glory!'" Given what passes for preaching in many pulpits today, Piper's book contains a sorely needed message.
4757 Recently when we were looking for a more healthful alternative to peanut butter we came upon this raw almond butter when we were shopping at our local TJ's. I wasn't sure how it would taste, since I wasn't really familiar with almond butter. It turns out that it is really quite tasty, even though it is also a no-salt product. It spreads nicely and you can use it as a substitute for peanut butter in recipes such as peanut butter cookies. It does cost a bit more than does peanut butter, but it's definitely a more healthful product.
4758 Recently I had a couple plastic items that needed fixing. The end of the handle on our coffee pot had broken off, and one of the hinges on our toilet seat had also broken. I went to our local hardware store and asked the proprietor for his recommendation on a glue specifically designed for plastic. He told me he had just the thing and brought out a tube of this Surehold Plastic Surgery. I used it on the aforementioned items and the bond held without any problem. I was quite well pleased with the results, since I saved quite a bit of money on the toilet seat cover in particular, as well as the time and hassle of removing the old one and installing the new.  This product does stick to one's fingers if one is not extra cautious. I've found that it's nearly impossible to not get some on one's fingers, especially if one is following the instructions and holding the two pieces in place after glueing for fifteen to thirty seconds. However, it will wear off in a day or so, and it's really not all that annoying.  I recommend this product for minor plastic repairs.
4759 In keeping with the purpose and tradition of the Word Biblical Commentary series in general, the two volumes of James Dunn's commentary on the book of Romans is designed with the scholar in mind. This is not to say that the layperson won't benefit from using this commentary. For there is much to offer the layperson in the "comments" and "explanation" sections of Dunn's work. Thankfully, the more technical matters, including the interaction with other commentators, as well as discussions of the meaning of the Greek text, are found primarily in the notes on the author's original interpretation, as well as the "Form/Structure/Setting" section. While Dunn has a perspective on the book of Romans with which not everyone will agree, he does discuss these other interpretations and for the most part is fair-minded in his assessments.
4760 A lighthearted, slapstick comedy, Anger Management entertained totally. Of course you have to suspend your disbelief to enjoy the movie, but we found it entertaining and a fun way to pass a Friday night.  The cast of misfits in the group therapy session added a fun dimension to the harrowing relationship between Buddy and Dave.  Never a boring moment. Enjoy this film for what it is . . . just plain fun.
4761 I bought this Brewer's Best White IPA upon the recommendation of the fellow who owns our local beer and wine supply store. I finished the brewing and bottling process about a month ago and have had several bottles, enough, I hope, to share my thoughts. This is a moderately-hopped IPA (IBU 43-48), with a crisp, dry taste, ideal for a hot summer day. (Although it's really good year-round as well.) The initial bitterness from the hops is overtaken by fruity overtones as one savors the beer. It is a moderately alcoholic beer, with an ABV of 5.3-5.9%. The only thing that surprised me a bit was that the been is a little darker than I thought it would be, more a pale amber than the "gold" that the brochure that I have indicates.
4762 Wiley Wallaby Australian Style Black Licorice Outback Beans have a chewy black licorice center that's been covered with a candy coating, somewhat similar in this regard to Good and Plenty. However, the licorice is richer than what they put in G&P, and the candy coating is also nicer. Here's a list of ingredients: Sugar, corn syrup, cane syrup, enriched wheat flour, (wheat, niacin, iron, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), cane molasses, water, food starch modified (corn), licorice extract, tapioca dextrin, palm oil, anise extract, glycerine, soy mono & diglyceride, potassium sorbate preservative, salt, carnauba wax, artificial colors (including titanium dioxide, FD&C Red #3, Blue #1 Lake, Blue #2 Lake.)
4763 The 450th Anniversary Edition of the Heidelberg Catechism is published by the Reformed Church in the United States and is based on the translation of the Tercentenary Edition of 1863. This translation has always been one of my favorites and the edition of 1950 is the one I memorized more than three decades ago. The new edition updates that edition in two ways. First, it presents the questions and answers according to current English usage (e.g., "you" instead of "thou"). Second, its Scripture references are in the NKJV rather than the KJV. Otherwise, the questions and answers of the Catechism are very similar to those of earlier editions. This translation is, in my estimation, superior to that of the Christian Reformed Church. It is flowing and at times almost poetic.
4764 These cinnamon Lava Balls from Gimbal's are hot! Their chewy outer shell isn't too hot, and so they start out deceptively mild. But when you get to the soft, cinnamon-flavored center, that's when things get hot. If you like Hot Tamales, you'll love these cinnamon lava balls. These lava balls are sweetened with sugar and corn syrup. They contain both natural and artificial flavor. (The ingredients list does not specify whether the natural flavor is cinnamon, but I suspect it is.) Like other Gimbal's confections, these lava balls are gluten-free and kosher.
4765 My son started buying these to give to my wife for Christmas. She loves to bathe and appreciated them very much. She rations them out for as long as possible and when they are gone, she reverts to Epsom salts and various essential oils. But when our son is stumped for a gift, he can always give her these amazing bath oils. Each bottle yields two baths. Although a bit pricey, they are a small price to pay for spa-like luxury.
4766 For many people, Leviticus is not one of the most exciting books in the Bible. To some it may appear tedious. Gordon Wenham, in his commentary in the New International Commentary on the Old Testament series, makes Leviticus come alive. His clear and concise commentary does a great job not just of describing the sacrifices and ceremonies of the law, but also showing their relevance and how they foreshadowed the work of the one who would be their fulfillment. Wenham also does a good job of showing how the parts of Leviticus form a coherent whole. The commentary sticks to the main points of interpretation of the text. I would recommend this commentary to the layperson and scholar alike.  The introductory material is also helpful, particularly Wenham's discussion of the author and date of writing. (Wenham prefers the more traditional view that in some form or other Leviticus dates back to the time of Moses.) Also helpful is an extended discussion of the "theology of Leviticus."
4767 I have about 20 of these gazetteers for the various states by now. I generally pick one up when I know I'm going to be traveling to a state and spending some time in that state. If you're just heading through a state on a major highway or interstate, an ordinary road map is sufficient. But for exploring the byways of a state, the gazetteer is essential. This is especially true of a state like Kentucky where the roads are not laid out on a grid pattern. When visiting it I was able to find a lot of shortcuts that I wouldn't have known of otherwise and also discovered some really out-of-the-way places. Not just highways but just about all other roads, including unpaved roads, can be found, as well as state parks and campsites, places of interest, little lakes and ponds, and small rivers and even creeks.
4768 Having Badia spices available in large quantities has been a real blessing. I bake a lot and use quite a few different spices. Until recently I could only find allspice in the little one-ounce containers in the spice rack of our local supermarket. I was constantly running out and was also paying a lot per ounce. When our grocery store started carrying Badia spices, including the allspice, in larger quantities, I decided to give it a try. I quickly discovered that this is high-quality allspice (at least as good as what I had been using). And the per-ounce price is a lot less than I was paying for it.
4769 This is another great chocolate bar combo from Hammond's. Combining rich chocolate with bits of peppermint candy, this is a real taste treat. The peppermint pieces have a nice, strong flavor, very similar to the flavor of the Hammond's peppermint candy canes. (I wouldn't be surprised if they use the same recipe for both.) But it's not so strong as to overwhelm the smooth chocolaty taste of the bar itself. I've never been disappointed by the various Hammond's chocolate bars and this one definitely lives up to the high standards set by the others.
4770 This is a short and to the point book that can be read in 15 minutes. Although it is quite concise, it provides a good deal of helpful advice on how to relate positively to your supervisor(s) and thereby advance in your career. The book provides seven steps to take for successful upward management. (As the author defines it, upward management is "the process of 'managing your manager.'" He goes on to say that, "Someone who manages upwards does not just do the tasks that they have been assigned, but they go above and beyond in every way possible in order to make their supervisor's job easier.")  The seven steps are: Understand your supervisor, maintain your credibility, constructive feedback and honest opinions, fine-tune your networking skills, take the initiative and be proactive, be respectful, admit your mistakes.  This book is especially important reading for anyone in the early stages of his or her career.
4771 In "Wireless Nation" author James Murray discusses the haphazard and at times chaotic way in which the wireless network developed in this country and did so successfully despite missteps in both the public and private sectors. The book provides the reader with a detailed description of winners and losers and how through this venture various industry outsider became wealthy. While the description of these developments is fascinating, the most important takeaway from this account, and something that Murray emphasizes, is the important lesson of learning to recognize opportunity, challenge the traditional wisdom, think outside the box, ad discover new ways of doing things. "Wireless Nation" is a testimony to American ingenuity and the ability of certain individuals who are at once creative and have the ability to create something that alters and improves our lives.
4772 It was during the late 1950s when I was old enough to read MAD and appreciate its unique brand of humor. Thus, I missed the first few years of the publication and would have remained ignorant of those first few years had my daughter not gave me a copy of "MAD About the Fifties" for Christmas. At last I was able to become familiar with the evolution of those early years, when MAD went from being an E.C. comic book in the early years of the decade to adopting the basic format that has been its signature over a period of several decades. And, of course, the material reproduced from the late fifties was truly a walk down memory lane for me.
4773 We watched this film after we saw the made-for-tv movie about Madoff. This was not necessarily the most coherent documentary but if you know the Madoff story, Chasing Madoff fills in the blanks. Makes us thankful that our retirement investments are not all tied to the stock market. Watch this film. It is instructive and worth your time.
4774 When I was growing up more than half a century ago it seems that there were a number of great brands of chewing gum. However, Dentyne was always one of my favorites. I loved the great cinnamon taste that created just a bit of a tingling sensation in my mouth. And the flavor lasted a reasonably long time. The Dentyne Classic available today brings back the memories of that gum of my youth. It's been long enough ago that I used to chew it when I was a kid, but unless my taste buds are deceiving me, this is just like it was back then.
4775 As co-owners of a candy store that specializes in gourmet licorice from around the world, my wife and I first became acquainted with Kookaburra licorice some twelve years ago. At the time, the company only exported its black and strawberry twists to the United States. From the time we began stocking these twists, they were among our best sellers. A few years back we were able to get Kookaburra green apple and mango twists. At first we weren't sure how well they would sell. (The mango initially reminded me in shape and color a little bit of the waxed beans that I had when I was a kid and that I hated.) Thankfully, they too became among our best-selling candies.  And small wonder. These mango twists have a strong, but not overwhelming, genuine flavor of mango. Fairly soft and easy to chew, they are a great taste treat, one that you'll enjoy and will be happy to serve to your guests or give as a gift for a birthday or other special occasion. This product clearly lives up to the high quality that we have come to expect from the Kookaburra company.
4776 The headlines, compiled from various newspapers around the country, are a barrel of laughs and are a testimony to the haste in writing them and the lack of careful proofreading in many of the nation's papers today. These headlines, along with Jay Leno's comments on many of them, are divided into several different categories, among which are "Little Known Facts," "Crime and Punishment," "What a Deal," "Please Cancel My Subscription," "I'll Take the Bus," "Family Fun," and others. When I read this book I laughed my way through it and purchased some of the sequels to this one. It seems that newspapers never tire of giving us things to laugh about (which is more than can be said for some of the comic strips that are found in the daily papers), such as one that didn't make it into this book, but which I came across several years ago: "Ordinance Passed; Four Council Members Cast Descending Votes."
4777 "Putt Like the Pros," by Dave Pelz (with Nick Mastroni), contains much helpful information about putting. The book is divided into five parts, as follows: the research on putting, the mechanics of putting, feel and touch in putting, the implements of putting, the mental side of putting. The book is amply illustrated with appropriate photographs and drawings, which give the reader a better idea of what Pelz is saying in the text. Following Pelz's advice will certainly improve one's putting game.  The one downside is that Pelz spends a lot of time trying to sell his special aids to putting. While I have nothing against this per se, the truth is that much of what Pelz is trying to get you to do with these putting aids can be done without them.  Also, by the end of the book I was still not convinced as to the extent to which being a good putter depends on follow Pelz's advice and how much depends on persistent practice. At one point Pelz says that to be really good you will need to make 20,000 strokes using his technique. That sounds like a lot. It also sounds like much of what makes for good putting is a result of putting in the time on the practice green. I have seen golfers with seemingly impeccable putting technique who are terrible putters, and some who are great putters who look like they have no clue what they are doing. In the end, it may be that what makes one a really good putter is what makes a person really good at just about everything else--thousands of hours of practice. If so, Pelz's advice might help, but it will only be a small part of what improves your putting game.
4778 Good, tasty sugar-free gum is hard to come by. Gerrit's extreme ice does the job quite well. To date I've been well pleased. The flavor is reasonably long-lasting and there's definitely a licorice presence. (It's flavored with licorice powder, so this isn't surprising.) I would rate it as the equal of Xylichew. For those who are concerned about the specific artificial sweeteners used, the following are listed: Sorbitol, Maltitol, Maltitol syrup, aspartam, acesulfame K.
4779 My wife and I became aware of essential oils a few years back through a friend who had begun using them. Before long we had procured a source. For the most part we have used them as flavorings for cooking and baking and to a lesser extent for aromatherapy. When I became aware of J.D. Rockefeller's "Essential Oils Guide" I downloaded it onto my Kindle.  I immediately realized that there were far more uses for essential oils than I had ever imagined. In addition to those with which I was familiar, I discovered through reading the book that essential oils can be used for many common ailments, as a way of enhancing well being, for freshening up the home, for your pets, and for your garden.  "Essential Oils Guides" contains a list of the best-known essential oils as well as the uses to which they can be put. There is also a chapter on making your own essential oils.  This book is a fairly brief and compact guide to essential oils. This makes it especially suitable for those who are just discovering essential oils. It is nicely laid out, well organized, and easy to read.
4780 Having done a lot of housework as a bachelor and later as a stay-at-home dad, I've learned a lot from reading Don Aslett's book. In fact, the first edition I purchased dates from 1981. Each subsequent edition adds to the already great advice in that 1981 edition. Don gives helpful hints on all aspects of cleaning, from carpets and flooring to bathrooms, kitchen appliances, walls, and ceilings. He even has a chapter on painting, which has helpful, time-saving tips for anyone who wants to perform this simple but sometimes messy task rather than paying a professional cleaner to come in and do it. Some of the suggestions that Aslett gives are simple common sense and ones I figured out on my own before I came across this book. But others are sheer genius and leave me wondering, "Why did I think of that myself?" If you want to save time and money cleaning, this is the book for you.
4781 Alister McGrath's "Christian Theology: An Introduction" appears to be part historical, part systematic theology. It contains many of the features of a systematic theology. It covers prolegomena as well as the doctrines of God, the Trinity, Christ, Salvation, Human Nature, the Church, the Sacraments, and Last things. However, the first part presents a fairly brief overview of the different periods of Christian theology, beginning with the Patristic Period and ending with the Modern Period (which McGrath considers to be from 1750 to the present).  Combining historical and systematic theology isn't bad and is in fact necessary if one is not to think that Christian doctrines somehow arrived full-blown, as if by magic. However, one of the dangers is trying to do too much in a limited space. In reading through "Christian Theology" I found myself amazed at how little space was devoted to a variety of important and in many cases controversial doctrines. For example, the sections on the sacraments and "last things" are too brief to do any justice to the variety of views considered.
4782 I've been using Plantation blackstrap molasses for nearly 40 years in my baking. Why blackstrap molasses? As I understand it, blackstrap molasses is taken from the bottom of the residue during the refining of sugar and thus has the best nutrients that are lost to sugar in the refining process. It's definitely a healthful product. I use it, not just for its nutritive value, but also for its taste. It adds a rich flavor to the gingerbread cookies I make as well as shoofly pie. I've always been happy with the quality of Plantation blackstrap molasses.
4783 I was looking for a pair of gloves that weren't too bulky and would keep my hands warm while driving on cold mornings or while walking outside when the temperature was in the 25-40 range. (I already have a great pair of gloves for the really cold weather.) A clerk at our local sportswear store recommended these North Face Pamir Windstopper gloves. As soon as I examined them I liked their feel and construction. Theyre quite soft both outside and inside and they have a dimpled gripping surface in the palms. This makes it a lot easier to hold onto the steering wheel while driving. They also are touch screen compatible, which means I don't have to take them off to use my phone. All in all, they're a quality product.
4784 Because South Dakota, particularly east of the Missouri River, is laid out on a grid pattern, it's a bit hard to get lost. And if you're just traveling across the state and are content to stay on the major highways, a simple road atlas will do. However, there are some real benefits in owning a South Dakota Atlas and Gazetteer if you're going to explore the state. A typical roadmap doesn't show most of the section-line and other off-the-beaten track roads that can save a lot of time in getting around the state. Unlike the typical roadmap, not only does it show most of the roads, but it also includes the major topographical features, such as creeks, lakes and ponds, swamps, and the like. Having lived in South Dakota for a few years and having gone back there on several occasions, I've found this gazetteer to be truly valuable.
4785 This iPhone 6 Case from Slicoo is a moderately-priced case that provides basic protection for the iPhone against bumps and other minor jarring. As with most cases in this price range, it is not a heavy-duty case. (Translation: You won't want to drop your phone on a hard surface.) However, it does what it is designed to do (again, it gives basic protection).  This case is constructed of plastic and TPU rubber. The back is flexible but at the same time solid. Its sides have a lip on them, which fits over the edges of the front of the phone and allows you to place your phone screen down without worrying about scratching the screen. Being made of flexible material, it is easy to install and uninstall (in a matter of seconds). The openings and buttons line up perfectly for the iPhone 6.  I received this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
4786 During the more than forty years I've been concerned about my health and have desired to live to a ripe old age, I've read dozens of books and countless articles extolling one plan or another for achieving this goal. In the end I've concluded that there's a whole lot of contradictory advice out there. "Renewal: The Anti-Aging Revolution, by Timothy J. Smith, has its share of advice. He proposes a strict vegan diet, thinks red wine is bad, and is in favor of taking a copious number of supplements. He certainly isn't the first author to propose any of this.  If you've already read several books on how to stay young, you're probably aware already of much of what  Smith says. You also probably have some opinions of your own about the best way to preserve youthfulness. If this is your situation, you may gain a few helpful pointers, but probably not much else.  On the other hand, if you're new to this, there is a danger in reading this book, especially since not everything Smith says is universally accepted. So, if you read this book, read some others as well, balancing Smith's advice against those of these other authors.
4787 For those who like nice, soft caramels, licorice, and mint, these Dutch treats are the candies for you. K&H's Gustaf's line of licorice candies are consistently high quality and these individually-wrapped caramels are no exception. Both the licorice and the peppermint flavor comes out, and neither one overpowers the other. In my estimation, these two flavors are perfectly matched.  Please note that these are advertised as "caramels" and not "toffee." Expect them to be soft rather than firm and chewy.  Also, for those with a peanut allergy: This product may contain traces of nuts and peanuts.  And for the calorie conscious: A 40-gram (4 piece) serving contains 160 calories, with 29 calories from fat.
4788 During the second half of the nineteenth century the great historian of Christianity Philip Schaff undertook the writing of a history of the Christian church. The result was a massive eight-volume set, which remains a classic some one hundred fifty years later. Its last two volumes are devoted to the Protestant Reformation. Volume 7 discusses Luther and the Reformation in Germany. This eighth and last volume deals with the Magisterial Reformation outside Germany. Schaff begins with Zwingli and then traces the Reformation through Calvin and Beza. For whatever reason, the Reformation in England and Scotland is not covered, nor do we find any significant coverage (other than in passing) to the Anabaptists. This being the last volume of Schaff's work, nothing in church history is covered beyond the time of the Reformation.  And so, although not a complete history of the entire Reformation or of post-Reformational events Schaff covers what he does in great detail, while at the same time maintaining a lively an engaging presentation.
4789 "Introduction to Logic" is a logic text that has been around for several decades and has gone through multiple editions. Since Copi's death in 2002 the work has fallen to Carl Cohen. While adequate for the most part, there is little outstanding or unique about the text i its various editions. What it covers can be found in other logic texts. More troubling are the gaps in coverage. Its coverage of Categorical Syllogisms, for example, doesn't include a discussion of conditional validity or how to test validity using Venn diagrams. Its chapter on "Modern Logic" doesn't show how to demonstrate validity through using truth tables. And its chapter on "Probability in Everyday Life" isn't about probability in everyday life in less you're a professional gambler.
4790 My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed this slice-of-Indian-life. It was funny and poignant, with universal themes that transcend a particular culture. Parents who love their adult kids and want to see them settle down with the right person will definitely relate to "Meet the Patels."  The obvious love these parents have for their son shines through and that's the problem. Ravi wants to please his parents and goes to great lengths to find an acceptable Indian wife. Great lengths! His search for an acceptable Patel wife takes him on a  cross-country and intercontinental journey, dating dozens of girls along the way.  Ravi's sister (who is also single and a disappointment on that account) holds the camera. Definitely has a home movie quality. But it isn't that noticeable once you get into the story.  This is smart, funny, and insightful. Worth watching.
4791 I'm mostly a dark chocolate person, since for me milk chocolate typically doesn't have a rich enough chocolate flavor. However, these Lindt milk chocolate bars are an exception. Not only do they have a smooth texture and a pleasant creaminess, but they also have a rich, genuine chocolate flavor. For a milk chocolate bar they're really good. And coming from me, that's saying a lot.
4792 My wife and I used this devotional book by Charles Stanley a few years back. Each day's devotional has a title, a key verse, and a short devotional message. These messages are practical and to the point and are extremely easy to understand and to apply. They can be read in a couple minutes, but those minutes may turn out to be the most significant minutes of your day. I highly recommend it for either a morning or an evening devotional time.
4793 I've loved tuna for as long as I can remember. When I was a kid I was always happy when my mom would pack a tuna sandwich in my lunch. During my years as a grad student, in order to save money, I ate lots of cans of tuna. As someone who ate many cans of many brands of tuna I discovered one brand that stood outStarkist. I could always depend on its quality. Over the decades I've continued to buy Starkist. These days I like it best in tuna salad and tuna melts. While I no longer eat it straight out of a can, it's still my favorite tuna.
4794 "Exploring Ethics," edited by Steven Cahn, is a text that tries to cover adequately both theoretical and applied ethics. Slightly under half is devoted to theoretical ethics. The rest discusses practical moral problems. The result is that the part on theoretical ethics, which consists of 18 short selections on a wide variety of topics (such as egoism, God and morality, utilitarianism, the categorical imperative, etc.) barely scratches the surface and doesnt provide the student with a real appreciation for these theories or for the fundamental issues in ethical theory.i  On the applied ethics side, things are a bit better. However, as with the writings on theoretical ethics, here too we encounter mostly short articles that provide little more than a superficial introduction to topics such as abortion, euthanasia, terrorism, animal rights, affirmative action, and environmentalism.  Although this anthology may work for some instructors, there are better texts available.
4795 When I was a kid my dad used to make dark chocolate covered candied orange peels. That's where I acquired my taste for the combination of orange and chocolate. Over the past several years I've been eating these Lindt intense orange and dark chocolate bars, since they seem to be the best on the market. The dark chocolate is of highest quality and has just enough sweetness to perfectly complement the orange flavor. While I like all the Lindt varieties I've tried, the Intense Orange is definitely one of my favorites.
4796 I've been eating Ritz crackers for as long as I can remember. And I can remember way back to when I was growing up in the 1950s and my mom used to give me chicken noodle soup for lunch. I loved to put the Ritz crackers in the soup and let them soak up the chicken broth flavor. As a young adult I used to put a bit of peanut butter and honey on top of a Ritz cracker for a special treat. I still do that sometime. But whether it's eating a Ritz cracker like this or in a more traditional way, like with a slice of sausage and cheese, it's a great cracker. To my taste buds, the taste is almost like it was years ago. The texture is the same. And all in all it's still a great cracker.
4797 Frederick Copleston has done an important service to all students of the history of philosophy in his nine-volume "A History of Philosophy," of which "Medieval Philosophy--From Augustine to Duns Scotus" is Volume 2. Beginning with Augustine (who is clearly a bridge figure between the neo-platonism of late Ancient philosophy and the philosophers of the middle ages), Copleston provides a detailed analysis of the thought of all the great philosophers of the Middle Ages, including John Scotus Eriugena, Anselm, the great Islamic philosophers, Maimonides, Albert the Great, Bonaventure (quite an extensive amount on him, all things considered), Aquinas, Roger Bacon, and Duns Scotus. Along the way we also read of the philosophy of lesser figures such as Herman the German (yes, there is a philosopher with that monicker), Rambert, and Rhabanus, among others.  Although Copleston was a Jesuit and most certainly drawn to the philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas, his handling of the various philosophers, including Thomas, is quite objective. All in all, this is a most worthy endeavor and still a standard work on a most fascinating period in the history of Western thought. Someone seeking a good, detailed overview of Medieval thought couldn't do much better than beginning with Copleston.
4798 During my 20 years of teaching applied ethics I have examined scores of applied ethics texts. Many of them simply throw together a hodgepodge of articles dealing with each topic, which has the advantage of providing divergent points of view but the disadvantage of not providing any significant direct interaction between the various authors whose writings are anthologized. "What's Wrong?" a text edited by David Boonin and Graham Oddie, goes a long way toward rectifying this problem.  Each topic in this anthology begins with an article that takes a stand on one or another issue. Often the article is extremely well known and is a classic in the field. (For example, James Rachel's article on "Active and Passive Euthanasia" or Tom Regan's "The Case for Animal Rights.) Following the lead article are two to four other articles that critically interact with the seminal article. This approach allows students to see how critics have responded directly to the points made in the initial article. In addition, the editors introduce each topic with a fairly detailed analysis of the articles to follow, thereby giving the students a fairly good idea of what to expect when they read the articles.  This is one of the best applied ethics anthologies I've come across.
4799 Koop's Arizona Heat mustard is really, really hot, and has the ability to stand up to the spiciest of sausages. I'm a fan of most of the varieties of Koop's mustard, but when I want one that is truly robust, I reach for the Arizona Heat. But it's more than just hot. It also has a pleasing flavor. So, if you're looking for a mustard to put on a spicy sausage with sauerkraut, washed down with a full-bodied craft beer, this is the one for you.
4800 This is one of the rare times I've been disappointed with a Jelly Belly jelly bean. I've sampled many of their flavors and have almost always thought that they really nailed it. Not so with these Draft Beer jelly beans. Maybe I'm spoiled, since I brew my own beer and when I do buy it I drink craft beer. These beans don't even taste like cheap, mass-produced beer, much less craft beer. About all I can say regarding their taste is that they're really sweet and have a generic jelly bean taste. But any resemblance to beer is lost on me.
4801 Written by William Shaw and Vincent Barry, "Moral Issues in Business" has much to recommend it. It nicely combines analysis by the authors, several case studies related to each issue, as well as two or more primary-source readings for each issue.  In the first part of the book, which is primarily devoted to ethical theory, Shaw and Barry discuss moral reasoning, moral relativism, utilitarianism, deontological ethics, and the nature of justice. The second part deals with the nature of capitalism and the corporation. The third part, which is the longest section of the book, looks at various issues that arise in the workplace, moral choices facing employees, and job discrimination. The final section investigates issues that affect consumers as well as the impact of business on the environment.  Although a pretty good effect, this would have been a better book had there been a greater tie-in between the first section and the rest of the book. It would have been helpful to see how each of the theories discussed in part one would deal with the issues considered in the "practical" sections of the book.
4802 If you're looking for a chocolate bar that is close to pure chocolate as you can get, this Lindt Excellence 90% Dark Supreme Chocolate is for you. If this isn't what you're looking for, you may want to try a bar with a lower cocoa content. However, if you relly want something bitter, then I recommend trying this Lindt bar. It's amazingly smooth and creamy andt lives up to the high Lindt chocolate standard.
4803 This little book by George Marston was written more than half a century ago (1960). It remains relevant today, for the issue it discusses is one that doesn't change with time. Namely, who has ultimate authority? Is it man or God?  In the short space of 108 pages, Marston first of all looks at those who would argue that the reasoning of the human mind is the ultimate authority. Marston shows how this leads to a rejection of God and of the miraculous, and how, once these are rejected, thinking devolves into agnosticism and eventually irrationalism.  He then contrasts this with the starting point of God as one's ultimate authority. If we are willing to accept God, as he has revealed himself in creation and the Word, as our starting point, then we can accept what the Bible says about him and what Christ has revealed about him. Having made this point, Marston goes on to answer objections to the Bible, shows why we have reason to believe in the miraculous, and finally describes the implications of rejecting and of accepting God as the ultimate authority.  Although in a short book like this, it is impossible to go into these issues in depth, Marston does a great job of giving an overview of the issues and arguing in a succinct and compelling way for the biblical position.
4804 These little "chips" are a great candy and a great throat coat rolled into one. They're very firm but chewy (except when they get old they tend to get brittle). And they have a strong licorice taste. Licorice, of course, has medicinal value as a throat coat and cough suppressor. (Many traditional cough syrups contain licorice extract.) So, it isn't surprising that these Chipurnoi chips function as a cough drop. However, even if you don't have a sore throat or a cough, these are great to have on hand, particularly if you like the taste of genuine licorice. One or two of these little chips provide a long-lasting sensation of genuine licorice flavor.
4805 Having received this bottle of Wild Bill's Leather Conditioner and Restorer along with its sister product, Wild Bill's Leather Cleaner, in exchange for an honest review, I decided to test both the products on a tan leather travel bag that I had used frequently but which hadn't been cleaned in years. The Leather Cleaner did its job to perfection, restoring the bag to almost its original color. Once the bag was dry, I applied the Leather Conditioner using a circular motion with a microfiber cloth. I was equally as impressed with the Conditioner as with the Cleaner. The Conditioner left the bag feeling smooth and satiny, which is what it is supposed to do. So far that feel has remained. Based on my experience, I can high recommend this product.  The bottle has the warning that this product is not intended for suede, a limitation that from my experience is pretty much standard with leather cleaners and conditioners.
4806 I"ve owned my copy of the TDNT set for more than 30 years and it's proved to be an invaluable resource, particularly when I'm studying the Greek NT. The TDNT has extensive entries for every word in the Greek NT, and it also discusses how these words are used in the LXX, as well as extra-biblical sources like Philo, Greek philosophy, and the Church Fathers. Volume 8 of the series consists of entries for the words that begin with a Tau or an Upsilon.  If you are building your TDNT set over time, I would strongly suggest making sure you have the Index, Volume X, right from the start. This volume is a real help in locating the entries. In addition to an index on Greek words that have references to every place in the TDNT the word is discussed, there are also indexes for Hebrew and Aramaic word, and so forth.
4807 "Archetypes of Wisdom" by Douglas J. Soccio is neither a single-author text or an anthology. It's somewhat of a hybrid, which makes it different from most introductory philosophy texts (which generally fall into one of the two aforementioned categories). Much of the writing is Soccio's own, but he also includes snippets of primary-source material.  Soccio focuses primarily on just a couple philosophers from each era. Because of this, other philosophers of significance, although their views are described briefly, tend to get short shrift. For example, in discussing British Empiricism, Locke and Berkeley get fairly brief mention, while Hume's views on a variety of issues are discussed in detail. (Other philosophers of the period, such as Thomas Reid, are not mentioned at all.) Similarly, the twentieth century is represented by Wittgenstein and Heidegger. While it is true that they were both influential thinkers, so were a number of other philosophers (such as Bertrand Russell), who would have been equally good representatives of the era. While this is a drawback it does not significantly detract from the overall value of this book.
4808 My wife has done Brooke Siler's Pilates Body workout on CD which comes with cards that demonstrate exactly how to do the movements. The CD quit after several years use, and my wife was lost without it. She found this DVD and told me she is happy that she was forced to look for an alternative because the DVD is even better.  My wife will be 64 next month and is in good shape. She attributes that to the consistent Pilates mat exercises that she has done since 2005. The nice part about this workout is that it includes a non-jarring aerobic portion in addition to the stretching exercises.  There are both standing and lying down on the mat exercises and the segments can be done in as little as 20 minutes.
4809 I have several PA Dutch and Amish cookbooks in my cookbook collection, and this one is surely one of the best. This is the original edition with a 1936 copyright date on it. (I inherited it from my mother.) Althoughjust 48 pages long, there's no wasted space. A quick estimate based on the listings in the index indicates that there are about 200 recipes. They run the gamut from appetizers, beverages, breads, biscuits, and coffee cakes, cakes and cookies, candies, eggs, fritters and pancakes, various meats, pies, potatoes, poultry and game, preserves, puddings, stuffings and sauces, soups, vegetables, and salads. Having made a number of these recipes and based on my experiences in visiting Lancaster County, PA on a number of occasions, these are genuine PA Dutch recipes. Most of the recipes are relatively easy to make.
4810 Nave's Topical Bible is a great resource to have on hand for a variety of purposes. Over the thirty years or so I've had a copy I've used it most often to find a selection of verses on a particular topic or set of topics. This came in especially handy during the time I was a pastor and was engaged in weekly sermon preparation. Of course, there is always the danger of proof-texting. However, this isn't the fault of Nave, but of cherry-picking verses clustered under a particular topic to serve one's own agenda. I also used it when I was a part of a team compiling a daily flip calendar of quotes from a well-known Christian author. My job was to find a passage of Scripture to go with each of these quotes. Nave's Topical Bible was indispensable. From time to time it can be a bit frustrating, especially when one isn't quite sure how Nave understands a particular term. But this is the exception to the rule. For the most part it's a really useful tool.
4811 Henry Hazlitt's book is a must read for anyone who wants to understand the Austrian school of economics and how it forms the basis for contemporary libertarian economics. Hazlitt explains economics in a way that anyone can understand. Free of technical jargon, it states the lesson in Chapter One and from there shows how this lesson is applied to issues such as taxation, tariffs, price-fixing, rent control, minimum wage laws, unions, inflation, and more. (Here's the one lesson, by the way: "The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups.")  "Economics in One Lesson" will warm the heart of libertarians. However, even for those who are not libertarians, it's worth reading, since it presents the libertarian position in a clear, coherent way.
4812 I first went through the daily readings in "My Utmost for His Highest" three years ago. More recently my wife and I read these together at the breakfast table every morning. The reason for this book being one of the most widely-read devotionals nearly a century after they were written is obvious. Day after day Oswald Chambers presents profound insights squarely based on the Bible that are readily accessible and easy to understand. One could learn quite a bit of theology just by reading this book. More importantly, one can come to a much greater understanding of who God is and how He interacts with His creation and His people through this book as well. Unlike many devotional books on the market today, there is nothing trite or superficial on the pages of this book. A year spent with "My Utmost for His Highest" will enrich one's spiritual life immeasurably.
4813 "In Search of the Far Side" contains cartoons from 1980-1984. The ones found in this anthology are some of the most consistently funny ones Gary Larson has ever drawn. (I really love the one where the two polar bears are eating an igloo, and the one says to the other, "Oh hey! I just love these things! . . . Crunchy on the outside and a chewy center!" Although I have to admit I feel a tinge of sadness for the occupant of the igloo. Or the one where the alligator on the witness stand says, "Well, of COURSE I did it in cold blood, you idiot! . . . I'm a reptile!") This is a great little collection and one that every Gary Larson fan should possess.
4814 Is it possible to reverse human aging? That's the question Michael Fossel asks in his book, "Reversing Human Aging." Unlike some authors, who have made sensational claims in this regard, Fossel, although optimistic, is cautious in his assessment. He is realistic about the hurdles, one of which is the danger of using telomerase to counteract the shortening of the telomeres. Cells have their Hayflick Limits. They are not immortal, except for cancer cells. (At last check the HeLa line, taken from Henrietta Lack's cervix more than sixty years ago, is still going strong.) Until there is a guarantee that injecting telomerase will not create cancerous cells, we must proceed with utmost caution.  All in all, Fossel's book does a good job of summarizing the research and discussing the possibilities. I also find that what he says shows a realistic understanding of the value of long life. The following quote is from near the end of the book and sums up matters quite well: "Living for a century does not of itself deserve respect; it gives you the opportunity to earn it . . . Were we to cure all disease and enable you to live forever, it would not make you one whit nobler than you are now" (p. 254-255).
4815 We bought our Apples to Apples game several years ago. We generally play i when we have people over, since it's best when several people are playing. It's easy to learn and doesn't take more than a minute or so to explain its rules to someone who's never played before. While it involves words, it doesn't take a huge vocabulary to enjoy. The game comes with a lot of game cards, which means you can play it multiple times without seeing the same card twice. Because it's a highly interactive game, it's great for getting to know people better. This is one of my top ten all-time favorite games.
4816 Kenneth Scott LaTourette's "A History of Christianity, Volume 1" tries to be complete without being cumbersome. Its nearly 700 pages of text covers the period from the time of Christ until 1500 in enough detail that the reader gets a good general overview of what happened during this period. At the same time the work does not get so bogged down in details that it becomes tedious. It hits all the important developments. And it maintains a pretty good balance in its coverage.  Like many church histories, it emphasizes the Roman West rather than the Eastern Orthodox Church. While it does cover the developments within the Eastern church, it does so in less depth than it does the West. Unlike some church histories, its emphasis is on events and movements rather than on the development of doctrine. For instance, one won't find an extended discussion of the theological issues that led to the Councils of Ephesus and Chalcedon.  This is a good book for someone with a bit of antecedent knowledge of church history who is ready to look at it in more detail.
4817 Love these dishes, especially the Sunflower (yellow). They are colorful, dishwasher and microwave safe and even ovenproof. We were looking for a durable, cheery set of dishes for our staff breakroom and these are just perfect. We purchased them in five different colors and also got the separate larger mug. The cup included with the set is a bit too small for most people, but nice for coffee or tea at home. Highly recommend this product.
4818 At one time or another I've been to all of the "lower 48." When I'm visiting a state I like to really explore it, getting off the beaten track whenever possible. Now, a regular roadmap is fine if you plan on staying on the interstates or other major highways. But for serious exploration you'll want to get on the backroads. For some densely populated states you might get buy without a gazetteer, but even here they are useful, but when it comes to New Mexico, with lots of wide open spaces and backroads where you might not encounter another human being for miles and miles, this Delorme gazetteer is essential. Plus, because it's a topographical map, you'll be able to see in advance what sort of terrain you're going to encounter, which is quite helpful in planning your route, particularly through the more mountainous regions.
4819 I've been familiar with Kookaburra for at least a dozen years. Back then, the company was just beginning to import to the United States and it had a very limited line of productsjust black and strawberry licorice and allsorts. Since then, the Kookaburra company has expanded its offerings considerably. For several years now it's been producing a mango-flavored licorice. Like the other flavors, the mango comes in short approximately 1" long twists that are about a quarter inch thick. The candy itself is firm and chewy. Like many licorice products, it can stick to the teeth. However, the Mango has a great flavor and texture. It definitely lives up to the standard set by Kookaburra black and red licorice.
4820 I well remember horehound candy from when I was a youth. My mother would give me a piece when I had a sore throat. Over the years I developed a taste for horehound. The problem was that it wasn't always easy to find. Thankfully, a couple years ago I came upon these little sanded horehound squares from Claey's. They have the genuine taste of horehound as I remember it from my youth. Just let one of these 17-calorie drops dissolve in your mouth and you will experience the joy of several minutes of genuine horehound flavor. These fat-free horehound candies are made with 100% natural horehound herb tea, brewed and steeped in copper kettles to enhance the horehound flavor.
4821 "From Plato to Derrida" is an anthology edited by Forrest Baird and Walter Kaufmann that includes fairly extensive selections of the most important works of about three dozen of the major philosophers from Socrates and Plato to the latter part of the twentieth century. Many of the most important texts in the history of philosophy are included (at least by way of selections from these texts). The editors have provided helpful introductions that present an overview of the crucial ideas of each of the philosophers whose writings have been anthologized. This book would be an excellent primary-source text for a college-level history of philosophy class.
4822 It always amazes me when people order "salt licorice" and then are surprised to find out that it is salty. So, let me begin by saying that these Dutch Salt Licorice buttons are salty. And they have a type of salt (salmiak) that Americans aren't used to. So, they're going to take some getting used to.  That said, salty licorice buttons are a great introduction to traditional European (and particularly Dutch) licorice. They are small, firm but chewy, little buttons (about a quarter of an inch in diameter) with a strong licorice and salt flavor. For those already familiar with salty Dutch licorice, they are saltier than Dutch coins (muntdrops), about as salty as farm licorice, and not quite as salty as double zout.  If these are too salty for your taste, you may want to try the Sweet Licorice Buttons, also manufactured by Kraepelien & Holm. These have the same texture, the same strong licorice taste, but without all the salt.
4823 Margaret Schertzer's "The Elements of Grammar" is a useful reference work with most of the essentials of English grammar contained in a limited space. Most grammatical conundrums are covered as are, of course, the obvious rules. If you're already familiar with Strunk & White ("The Elements of Style") you'll find that there's a lot of overlap in Schertzer's book. My one major issue with the Schertzer book is that its index, while detailed, is not always helpful. For instance, when I wanted to know something about how to pluralize proper names, I had to search the text itself because the index wasn't helpful in leading me to the information I sought.
4824 For quite some time I was in the market for a blend of spices that would work well in my homemade oil and balsamic vinegar dressing. A few months back I came upon the 21 Seasoning Salute at Trader Joe's. Since it has just the perfect blend of spices for my purposes, I've been using it ever since. In addition to using it regularly when I mix my salad dressing, my wife has used it on various meats prior to baking and has mixed it in stir fries, where it's worked well really well. Ingredients include onion, black pepper, celery seed, cayenne pepper, parsley, basil, marjoram, bay leaf, oregano, thyme, savory, rosemary, cumin, mustard, coriander, garlic, carrot, orange peel, tomato granules, lemon juice powder, oil of lemon, citric acid.
4825 My wife and I use a lot of spaghetti and marinara sauce in our cooking (probably because we eat a lot of pasta dishes). We've tried a number of brands, both the mass-produced and the local ones, available in our supermarket. They range from indifferent to really good. Trader Joe's Marinara sauce is in the really good category. It has a rich flavor, one that resembles traditional Italian marinara sauce, and is nice and thick. We especially enjoy it over spaghetti and linguine. If you have a TJ's in your area, buy it there, since it's cheaper than online.
4826 What a great concept! Until now I had been cutting parsley, cilantro, and other herbs with a knife. This is time-consuming and also requires the use of a chopping board. With these five-blade scissors from Epar the task becomes a snap. Just take whatever herb you want cut into small pieces, grab a bowl, hold the herbs in one hand, grasp the scissors with your other hand, and begin cutting (over the bowl, of course). You'll finish the task in a fraction of the time.  So, that's the general principle. Now to these particular scissors. Having examined and used them, I have nothing but good to say about them. The blades are extremely sharp, which means they're going to cut well. Thankfully, the scissors come with a protective plastic sheath that slides off easily and snaps back on just as easily. (So, as long as you remember to cover the blades with the sheath when the scissors are not in use there's no chance of cutting your hand when you reach into the drawer.) The handles are ergonomically designed so that your fingers fit comfortably when you use the scissors. And the scissors are dishwasher safe, which is probably a good way of washing them, seeing that you're dealing with five sharp blades.  And if you ever run out of herbs to cut, they also work as a paper shredder for cutting old bank statements and other documents with sensitive information into little pieces.
4827 Olive oil is more healthful than many other oils and is excellent for cooking. As a result, over the past fifteen years or so we've used it whenever we can. A few years back a Trader Joe's came to our town and we started shopping there. This Greek Kalamata Extra Virgin olive oil is excellent and one that we've used on a number of occasions. It definitely has a taste that is superior to many of the olive oils we've bought at the supermarke.
4828 My wife found these Choceur dark chocolate bars at Aldi's recently. Since she knows I like dark chocolate, she brought home a package. As soon as I took my first taste I knew this was high-quality stuff. Although I generally eat a more bitter dark chocolate, this semi-sweet bar (50% cocoa) is still quite tasty and has a silky smooth texture. If you like dark chocolate that has some sweetness try these Choceur bars. These are some of the best on the market.
4829 Originally published in 1955, Jac C. Mller's commentary on Paul's letters to the church at Phillipi and to Philemon was one of the earliest commentaries in what would become the New International Commentary on the New Testament series. This is a good commentary for the layperson who does not already have a good deal of familiarity with these letters. It is written in a clear and lively fashion. However, the depth of discussion found in many of the other volumes of the NICNT is lacking in this one. The introductory material to these letters is also rather brief, and again, probably of most benefit to someone not already familiar with these epistles. Some years ago when I preached a series of sermons on Philippians I used this commentary as well as Hendriksen's. I found the latter to be more beneficial.
4830 I've been really well pleased with almost all of the Delorme gazetteers that I've purchased to date. I generally get one whenever I want to explore a state or a portion of a state in detail. This is why I got the one for Connecticut and Rhode Island. Most roadmaps are adequate if one is just looking for the main highways in an attempt to get through a state. But to explore the backroads and out-of-the-way places something like this gazetteer is far preferable. I've discovered numerous shortcuts to places I want to visit, and in some cases, if I didn't have the gazetteer with me, I wouldn't have found the place at all. Plus, I feel much better about driving on the backroads, knowing that I won't get lost, which enables me to see more of the unadulterated countryside. It's also great for finding ponds and streams, bike paths, and various points of interest. Being a topographical map provides a way of knowing in advance what sort of terrain you'll be transversing.
4831 This is a great lexicon for someone already familiar with Hebrew grammar. Included is every form of every word in the Hebrew Scriptures. I've had my copy for three and a half decades and have used this work frequently. I've always been able to track down a word and its meaning. Along with being a lexicon, the first part of the book gives a description of the verb forms and noun declensions. (This is brief and useful only if you are already familiar with Hebrew grammar.) The only word of warning I'd give is: The print is quite small. So, have your reading glasses ready.
4832 This is a collection of three short stories, interspersed with three short reflections entitled "Thoughts from a corrupted soul." The first short story, entitled "Mystery In Mrithikas Murder," is the account of a detective's attempt to solve an apparent murder. This is a fast-moving tale. However, it ends abruptly and without resolution, but with the promise that it will be continued. The second story, "Seeking Hanukka," takes place on an apparent treasure hunt. However, we soon discover that the "hunt" is not for a material treasure at all. The final story, "Astral Ankith," appears on the surface to be a traditional ghost tale, but we soon encounter twists that we do not expect.  Each story can be read easily in 10-15 minutes. All three stories are fast-moving with little extraneous description. Where they take place is not clearly identified, but, as another reviewer notes, the Indian sub-continent is as good a guess as any. While it is likely that English is not the author's first language, the stories are well written and they read smoothly. The style in no way detracts from their effectiveness.  I received an electronic copy from the author for the purpose of writing an unbiased review.
4833 The first volume of the history of philosophy series by Forrest Baird and Walter Kaufmann covers ancient Greek and Roman philosophy. The volume begins with brief selections from Thales, Anaximander, Anaximenes, Pythagoras, Heraclitus, Parmenides, Empedocles, Anaxagoras, Gorgias, and others. There follows a far more extensive selection of writings from Plato and Aristotle. These in turn are followed by briefer selections from Epicurus, the early Stoics, Epictetus, Leucretius, Marcus Aurelius, Pyrrho, Sextus Empiricus, and Plotinus. The editors provide the reader with brief but useful introductions to these philosophers.
4834 Tastykake products are made in Philadelphia, which is where my wife is from. For years she kept telling me how good they were. I was skeptical until the day a package showed up at our door, sent by her sisters. It was full of various varieties of Tastykake, including a couple boxes of chocolate cupcakes with cream filling. I had always liked the Hostess chocolate cupcakes, but when I tasted these, I discovered that these were definitely better. The cake part is moister and has a richer chocolate taste. And the icing is smoother, and tastes almost like homemade.
4835 Ever since I can remember I've loved Kit Kat bars, especially the crunchy little wafers on the inside. (Sugar wafers have always been one of my favorite cookies.) Perhaps its because they're sweet without being too sweet. (No overly sweet nougat or caramel to contend with.) And I love their fresh taste. But for may years I had a problem with them. I just don't like milk chocolate as much as dark chocolate. But with the dark chocolate Kit Kat that problem has been solved. What was at one time good has now become great.
4836 The wintergreen Tic Tacs are my favorite, and not just because of their cool-looking green color. In my estimation they are better than the white peppermint Tic Tacs. They have a stronger taste to them and are definitely refreshing to the mouth, one that lasts after they have finally dissolved. One at a time will do, but they're even better if you have a couple of them in your mouth. I also like the compact little dispenser they come in. It fits nicely into any pocket and doesn't take up much space. In every way, this is a winner.
4837 I have taught logic using Hurley's "A Concise Introduction to Logic" for nearly 20 years. During that time I've compared his text with various of the other standard introductions to logic. None is better or more complete. Because it contains such a wide variety of material (from informal fallacies to categorical propositions and syllogisms, from propositional to predicate logic, from analogical reasoning to probability and statistical reasoning), it can be used in a variety of logic courses. I have used it in both critical thinking and symbolic logic courses.  One good thing is that the text doesn't vary much from one edition to the next. The changes mostly involve improvements in formatting and clarifications of specific points. I began using this text with the Eighth Edition and this latest edition is still recognizably similar to that earlier one.  Is Hurley's book perfect? No, it's not. But no text is. However, whatever flaws exist are few and far between.  For those looking for a textbook to adopt for a course, I highly recommend this book.
4838 The New Testament Commentary, the first eight volumes of which were written by the late Wm. Hendriksen (through Titus) and the last four by Simon Kistenmaker, is a scholarly yet accessible commentary set. It is a bit more in depth (in my estimation) than is the New International Commentary NT, but at the same time is quite readable and does not get bogged down in minutia. (The more technical issues, such as alternate translations and meanings, are placed in the footnotes.) Moreover, because it was intended to be a single-author endeavor (although it was taken over by Kistenmaker after Hendriksen's death), it has a consistent perspective throughout. Both Hendriksen and Kistenmaker are Reformed thinkers, and so the commentary tends to adopt a Reformed interpretation.  Hendriksen's volumes include Hendriksen's personal translation of the Greek text. Kistenmaker relies on the NIV (thankfully, the original NIV), which, for those who prefer some other translation, might be seen as a disadvantage. However, since serious Bible study and exegesis is going to demand either personal consultation of the Greek text or, at the very least, looking at different translations, this should not keep someone from using this valuable commentary set.  I own several commentary sets (NICNT and Word, among others), as well as classics written on specific books (e.g., John Brown on 1 Peter; Chas. Hodge on Romans), and I consult the Hendriksen/Kistenmaker set more often than any of the others.
4839 I remember these licorice starlight mints from when I was a kid. (Except I don't recall anyone calling them by that name back then.) They're a traditional after-dinner hard mint, with a distinctively licorice flavor. Like most hard mints, they are best when you let them dissolve in your mouth. I've tried these from several companies and the Primrose brand has the best licorice flavor. Here's a list of ingredients: Sugar, corn syrup, artificial flavor, color added, Blue 1, Red 40, Yellow 5 and Yellow 6).
4840 This is a nifty little fan. It is 5 1/2 X 4 X 1 3/4 inches, and fits easily into the palm of the hand, although it could also be used as a desk fan. (It has a flat base.) It comes with a rechargeable battery and a USB cable. The fan has three speeds, which are operated from high to low via the "on" button. When set on "high" the fan has quite a cooling effect on the skin. When set on "low" it creates a gentle breeze. The fan weighs approximately 1/2 pound, which makes it light enough (as well as being compact enough) to be easily stored in a piece of luggage when going on a trip. This fan is reasonably priced and certainly worth the cost.  I received this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
4841 I received my Mr. Beer brewing kit as a Christmas present more than ten years ago. I had never before made or even thought of making beer. Having received the kit, I made my first batch a couple weeks later and was well pleased with the results. Over the next few years I continued to make beer with the mixes the company sells, and with a couple exceptions was happy with the result. A couple years ago I decided to take my beer-making to the next level. My wife gave me a more advanced system that produces 5 rather than 2 gallons at a time and requires the mixing and brewing of the various ingredients. Although I much prefer the larger system and the fact that I feel like I'm really brewing beer, I still appreciate the value of the Mr. Beer kit, since it got me into brewing in the first place and increased my interest in craft beers tremendously.
4842 Bruce N. Waller's "Consider Ethics: Theory, Readings, and Contemporary Issues" is for the most part an author-written text. Thus, the word "Readings" in the subtitle, while not totally inaccurate, is somewhat misleading. Other than the last chapter, which contains readings on current practical moral issues, the rest of the book is Waller's own description and analysis of the issues, with only an extremely brief primary-source reading (typically of three or four pages in length) at the end of the chapter.  Thankfully, Waller's discussion of the issues is fairly insightful and balanced. The issues he covers include most of the standard topics in theoretical ethics: utilitarianism, social contract ethics, egoism, relativism, pragmatism, virtue and care ethics, moral realism, free will and responsibility, etc. However, as already indicated, the "contemporary issues" section is confined to the last chapter. If one is looking for a text for an applied ethics class, this is not the one. Once again, let me stress that this is primarily a text in ethical theory.  That said, I will give my qualified recommendation. If one wants a text in theoretical ethics with few readings from other philosophers, Waller's book will do. However, the price, which is more than $90 new, is a consideration. There are excellent books in ethics on the market that can be had for less.
4843 Philip Schaff was a foremost historian of the Christian Church who wrote his classic "History of the Christian Church" during the last part of the nineteenth century. Occasionally dated, it is still one of the best overall histories of Christianity. In Volume 2 Schaff discusses the seminal time in the history of the church between the end of the first century and the time of the Council of Nicaea in 325 A.D. Schaff provides a detailed discussion of the heresies that threatened to change the essential nature of the faith, including Gnosticism, monarchism (both dynamic and modalistic), and Arianism. Of course, much of this is found in some form or other in most books on church history. But Schaff's volume does far more. He details the nature of Christian worship, the growing structure and hierarchy of the church, Christian art, persecution by the Roman Empire, and more. Despite its age, Schaff's writing is lively and to the point. He is not at all pedantic.
4844 These Finnska black licorice ripples are sweet and have a strong but pleasant licorice flavor. They are relatively soft and chewy and have a taste and texture that is similar to the Switzer licorice bars that used to be so readily available. For those already familiar with Finnish licorice, they are a smaller version of tire tread licorice and in many ways are similar to the Finnish Halva bars. I've tried many different types of licorice over the years, and these have always been among my favorites.
4845 "Mission in the 21st Century" is a collection of essays by scholars in the area of global missions edited by Andrew Walls and Cathy Ross. The subtitle of the book is "Exploring the Five Marks of Global Mission." Two essays are devoted to each of the five marks, which are: To proclaim the good news of the kingdom; to teach, baptise, and nurture new believers; to respond to human need by loving service; to seek to transform unjust structures of society; to strive to safeguard the integrity of creation and sustain and renew the life of the earth.  The second part of the book consists of seven essays under the general title of "Issues in Mission." The majority of these are written by non-Western Christians. Some of the essay titles are: "Migration and Mission: The Religious Significance of the North-South Divide" (Jehu Hanciles); "Reading the Bible in the Non-Western Church: An Asian Dimension" (Moonjang Lee); "Worship is Nothing but Mission: A Reflection on Some Japanese Experiences" (Ken Christoph Miyamoto); and "Discipleship: Marked for Mission" (Tim Dakin).  As is true of most collections of essays by multiple authors, these essays differ as to style and depth. However, they are all worth reading, particularly for someone concerned with the advance of the Gospel in a multicultural environment.
4846 This review is for the Friendly Swede Basic Soft Silicone Cases for iPhone 6 Plus (10-pack)  These cases are made of flexible silicone rubber. Cases of this sort are extremely easy to slip on and off. They also provide basic protection for your phone. However, they are not intended to be heavy-duty cases and therefore will not protect your phone against a really hard, jarring bump or if you drop it onto a hard surface from several feet. However, if you're careful with your phone, a case of this sort should do.  I have been sent quite a few iPhone cases in exchange for an honest review, and one of the first things I do is make sure that the openings line up with the ports on the phone. These line up perfectly, so there should be no problem here.  So, what's the purpose of 10 cases, since it's unlikely you have 10 iPhone 6+ phones? Well, you can always give the other 9 to friends, or, and I think this is the purpose for which they are intended, you can use a different one each day, perhaps to match what you're wearing that day. They come in the following colors: black, blue, purple, green, red, dark pink, light pink, orange, yellow, and white.  I received this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
4847 We switched to Clabber Girl a few years back after using a well-known competitor brand for decades. The reason we did this is because Clabber Girl was more reasonably priced at the supermarkets at which we shopped. At first I was skeptical. However, after using it hundreds of times in baking cookies, cakes, and quick breads, I must say that I notice no difference in its ability to do its job as a leavening agent. I would highly recommend Clabber Girl to anyone wanting a reliable baking powder at a reasonable cost.
4848 I first listened to Monty Python's "Matching Tie and Handkerchief" in the late 1970s. I laughed my head off. (Thankfully, no one had ripped it off already.) Like the other Monty Python records, this one is classic. And one of the best things about it is that it contains a significant amount of material not found on the television series. Of course, it also includes material found in the television series, such as the classic Cheese Shop Sketch. ("It certainly isn't contaminated by any cheese.") However, unlike the television sketch of the philosopher Bruces, this one segues into "The Philosophers' Drinking Song," which is also found in the movie "Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl," but, as far as I know, nowhere else. (As a philosophy teacher, I've been able to share this with my classes from time to time.) Also, "Novel Writing with Thomas Hardy" is found nowhere else. ("And he's written the first word, 'The.' It's the definite article. Oh, no. He's crossed it out.") So, for the Monty Python fan who wants to have every sketch at his (or her) fingertips, the "Matching Tie and Handkerchief" is an essential addition.
4849 Lake Bell is an absolutely brilliant writer and excellent actress in the innovative film centered on the male-dominated voice-over world. Bell stars as an underachieving voice coach who finally achieves success in the world of voice-over movie trailers. Unfortunately, her father, who is a pro in the voice-over world, resents her success.  What could have become a sappy, maudlin movie turns out to be pitch perfect, thanks to Bell's adroit handling of story, character and denouement. I look forward to great things from this rising star.
4850 Near the beginning of "Bitter Harvest" we read: "Land is a farmer's identity. It is his connection to God; it is his religion, his nationality, his family's heritage, and his legacy to his children" (p. 11). Gordon Kahl believed his identity was threatened by the federal civil government, in particular by the USDA and the IRS. Seeing his hopes for making a good living dashed, he looked for an enemy. The government was a convenient target. Kahl became involved with the posse comitatus. He believed its message that the federal and state governments had no lawful authority over him.  Many people who attend a meeting of a group like the posse comitatus remain on the fringes. Only a few ever take action. Why was Gordon Kahl different? James Corcoran does a good job of trying to answer that question as he describes the events surrounding the tragedy in Medina. However, in the end we are left with the feeling that we will never really know what went on in the mind of Gordon Kahl and what made him willing to kill to protect what he thought were his cherished freedoms.
4851 As someone who has to watch his salt intake I look for the words "Low Sodium" on a package before I buy anything that may contain salt. That's why I'm happy that Blue Diamond has a lightly salted variety of almonds. Almonds are my favorite nut, and over the years I've found that the Blue Diamond brand always has fresh, plump, and good-tasting almonds. And now with a low-sodium alternative I can enjoy my Blue Diamond almonds and not have to worry about loading my system with sodium. Plus, this variety is flavored with sea salt. While the difference may seem subtle, sea salt has always struck me as being a bit more flavorful.
4852 The Feinberg and Shafer-Landau introductory philosophy anthology, "Reason and Responsibility," is among the best that I have come across. I used it as a primary-source text in my introductory courses over a period of years at the community college in which I taught. All the major areas of philosophy are coveredethics, epistemology, metaphysics, and philosophy of religion, among others. The editors have selected a good balance of classical and contemporary readings on the issue, and there is a fair balance between the various positions taken by philosophers on these issues. The editors have also provided helpful introductions to the various topics covered, which are sufficient to give the student a pretty good overview of the material he or she will be encountering. Some of the articles that are anthologized take work to understand, but my experience is that they are not beyond the ability of most students to understand.
4853 This variety pack gift box provides a wonderful example of the wonderful chocolates from the Seattle Chocolates company. I love chocolate, particularly dark chocolate. And I was quite well pleased with the variety in this package, which I received as a gift at Christmastime. I especially loved the Pike Place Espresso bar, which has the perfect combination of cocoa and coffee flavor and is a real treat for someone who likes both tastes. However, all the bars are really good. The texture is silky and smooth. In every way these are a great taste sensation.
4854 I love these types of movies. Ordinary people. Extraordinary circumstances. Real people facing difficult situations. What do you do?  Here's the story line. Young party guy finds out he has testicular cancer. Once he has surgery he will no longer be able to have children. He loves the idea of having a family.  So young guy tries to find someone, anyone, who will bear a child for him. Finally, his best friend steps up to the plate. She is willing. Not excited about the possibility of being a mother but there are some benefits that seem appealing. So they make a pact and try for a child.  This movie is so entertaining and engrossing that despite the raunchy sex we stuck with it and were rewarded with a wonderfully endearing story and finale. Totally recommend this film. It was far better than we expected.
4855 Most of the Delorme atlas and gazetteers I'm familiar with are superior in most every way. The Georgia one, although it has some nice features, doesn't quite match the standard of the other. For example, not all the backroads shown have road numbers or names. For the most part I can still figure out where to find the road, but it's more helpful if I know the name of the road. In addition, in places the print is quite small and hard to read. Despite this, the gazetteer still contains a lot of information, such as state parks, trails, and little lakes and streams. Also, because it's a topographical map, one can get a good sense of the terrain in a particular area. This is helpful when hiking on trails or driving the backroads in the western part of the state, where the terrain is quite hilly.
4856 When my recent travels took me to New England I procured the Delorme atlas and gazetteers for each of the New England states. The New Hampshire atlas proved especially valuable. As is common knowledge, New Hampshire is quite a mountainous state. Its the home of the Presidential Range, which includes Mount Washington. I wanted to have a topographical map that would give me some idea of the ruggedness of the terrain that I would be encountering. The Delorme atlas does this. I also wanted to be able to find shortcuts between places using the secondary roads, including gravel roads, which are generally not shown on the ordinary roadmap. This too the Delorme atlas provided. It also indicated where various little lakes, ponds, and streams were located, which allowed me to discover some rather picturesque venues that I would have never gotten to otherwise. All in all, this proved to be a really great source of useful information for my travels in the state.
4857 I recently came upon this Valrhona Le Noir Amer 71% cacao chocolate in a TJ's here in Nebraska. Being a lover of dark chocolate I thought I would try this bar. The chocolate has a really smooth texture, which is nice. And although I personally prefer a chocolate bar that is more bitter than this one is, for what I would call a semisweet chocolate taste, this is really good. It's comparable in quality to Lindt or Ghiradelli. I'm sure I'll buy it again.
4858 I've sampled probably 40 different Jelly Belly flavors over the years and I've never been disappointed. Not surprisingly, these orange sherbet jelly beans live up to my expectations. They're similar in taste to the regular Jelly Belly orange but are just a bit less tangy (just as orange sherbet is a bit milder than eating an orange). Somehow Jelly Belly has been able to capture the difference pretty well. By the way, each bean contains just four calories. If you eat these in moderation, you won't ruin your diet.
4859 I bought Frederick Copleston's "A History of Philosophy" nearly half a century ago when I was a student. (At that time the last volume wasn't available. I was later able to procure it.) I have used this multivolume history frequently ever since. There is no philosopher of any consequence or any aspect of that philosopher's thought that is too minor to not at least receive a mention by Copleston. His knowledge of the history of philosophy is encyclopedic. Copleston is a great starting point if one wants an initial overview before plunging into a philosopher's works in more depth. Of all the histories of philosophy available, this is certainly one of the best and the most complete.
4860 If you like licorice-style twists, you'll probably like these Kenny's cinnamon twists. They do have a fairly realistic cinnamon flavor. However, as with all Kenny's twists they are a bit waxy and rubbery as to texture. There are approximately 84 seven-inch twists in a 2-pound bag. So, you'll be getting a lot for your money. Here's a complete list of ingredients for those who are interested: Corn syrup, sugar, enriched wheat flour (wheat, niacin, iron, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), high fructose corn syrup, food starch modified (corn), water, glycerine, artificial flavor, palm oil, salt, citric acid, soy mono and diglycerides, potassium sorbate preservative, artificial color (FD&C Red #40). Contains wheat and soy ingredients.
4861 "Resurrection and Eschatology" is a festschrift in honor of RIchard B. Gaffin, Jr. It consists of 22 insightful articles by well-respected scholars such as D.A. Carson, Vern Poythress, Scott Oliphant, Peter Lillback, and many others. Unlike some anthologies, where the quality of writing and scholarship is uneven, every article in "Resurrection and Eschatology" is well-written, understandable, and contains considerable theological, apologetic, or interpretive meat.  Among the efforts that I found particularly interesting are the following:  Scott Oliphant's article entitled "Something Much Too Plain To Say." In it he considers a certain set of anti-theological arguments designed to show that the concept of God is self-contradictory. He shows how these arguments can be successfully countered by a true understanding of the divine "condescension." I found his discussion of the "extra Calvinisticum" and its relevance to the issue to be especially enlightening.  Dennis Johnson's study of Romans 7:13-25 is one of the best that I have read on this passage that has given rise to all sorts of interpretations. Although I am still not sure that I agree with all of Johnson's conclusions, he gives the reader more than enough to chew on for a considerable amount of time.  Finally, "A Millennial Geneology" by Jeffrey K. Jue opened my eyes to a whole tradition within the postmillennial camp that predated the Old Princeton postmillennialism and bore certain similarities to premillennialism not found among the Old Princeton theologians. Having thought through the implications of both forms of postmillennialism and having again looked at the relevant passages in Scripture, I still prefer the Old Princeton school of thought.  Anyone interested in serious theological reflection will benefit from reading the articles in this work. It is worth every penny of the purchase price.
4862 As a committed baker, I have a lot of occasion to use flavor extracts in my baking. For many years I limped along with the extracts that were available at the supermarket. There were two problems. They weren't all that strong. And some of them tasted artificial. Several years ago I heard about the LorAnn oils. I ordered several of them, including the cherry extract. I had never come across a cherry oil that tasted the way I was hoping it would. The LorAnn cherry oil was just what I wanted. It provided a genuine cherry flavor in my baking. Plus, as with all the LorAnn oils, the cherry is really concentrated. Because just a few drops is usually sufficient, a one-ounce bottle lasts a long time, and in the long run it's really quite a bargain.
4863 I will begin my review on Robert Mounce's commentary on Revelation by noting that I am a postmillennialist and a preterist in my interpretation of Revelation. Having said that, I will immediately note that Mounce, who is a historic premillennialist, is balanced in his presentation and fair to those whose interpretations differ from his. I originally became familiar with the commentary when I ordered the complete NICNT set in 1979. (Or at least as complete as it was back then. The commentary on Matthew had not yet been written.) Over the years I have repeatedly referred to Mounce when studying a passage, since I have confidence that what he writes will be fair-minded and insightful.  This is a great commentary for the layperson, for it is quite readable and not written in technical language or so detailed that the view of the forest is lost because of the trees. As is typical of the NICNT volumes, Mounce's commentary places the more technical points (including comments on Greek usage) in the footnotes. This makes reading a passage for a general interpretive overview more straightforward.  There are definitely more scholarly commentaries on Revelation available, but for its purpose, which is to make Revelation accessible to the general reader, there are few better commentaries than the one Mounce first wrote some 35 years ago.
4864 Edward J. Young published his book, "The Prophecy of Daniel," 65 years ago (1949). Even so, this commentary, written by the late professor of Old Testament at Westminster Theological Seminary (Philadelphia), is still a classic in the field. Clearly written, it is has value both for the introductory student and the scholar. Although not as detailed particularly detailed, it is a well-balanced verse-by-verse exegesis of the text. Rejecting the sensationalistic interpretations found in some quarters, Young argues for the ultimate fulfillment of the prophecies in the Messiah himself.  Young accepts the traditional view that the book was written by the Daniel who was in exile in Babylon rather than by an author during the time of Antiochus IV Epiphanes. Although his arguments for the early dating of the book are brief, they are stated forcefully.  When I preached a series of sermons on Daniel a number of years ago I found Young's commentary as helpful as any that I consulted.
4865 These Trader Joe's White Kidney Beans are a really good, firm bean with a great taste. We use them primarily for white bean chili. Since a Trader Joe's moved into our town a few years ago, we've been buying our white kidney beans mostly from them, since they're just as good if not better than anything we can get at our supermarket. If there's a Trader Joe's in your area, I'd suggest you pick this product up there, since it's cheaper than online.
4866 Utah is one of my favorite states to visit, and I've been there several times. Although it's fairly densely populated in the area around Salt Lake City, much of it is sparsely populate, indeed, almost desolate. However, the state is one of the most beautiful of the 48 I've visited. It's possible to see some of this beauty while staying on the interstates and other major highways. But I've found that to really appreciate the beauty of this state, it's important to get off the beaten track. And that's where the Delorme atlas and gazetteer comes in. For not only does it show everything that a roadmap shows, but it shows far, far more. Just about every backroad is indicated, as are points of interest, including trails and trailheads. And because it's a topographical map, I have a good idea prior to hiking or driving the backroads what sort of terrain I'll encounter. For someone who is interested in really exploring the state, this is the atlas to have.
4867 Norval Geldenhuys's commentary on the Gospel of Luke is scholarly yet readable treatise from which both the scholar and layperson can profit. Technical isuess, such as remarks on the Greek text, have been placed in the footnotes that are found at the end of each section of the text.  Along with the commentary on the text, Geldenhuys includes significant introductory material dealing with the author, the sources, the date of writing, the style, and the aim of the Gospel. He makes a strong case for the early dating of Luke, sometime in the 60s A.D. rather than the post-70 A.D. date many scholars have assigned to it. At the end of the commentary is an "excursus" of 22 pages that discusses the the day and date of the crucifixion. This excursus is worth reading.
4868 I've tried many different varieties of peanut butter over the years. Trader Joe's is clearly among the best. It has a rich peanut butter taste and it spreads smoothly on bread or crackers. The crunchy variety is full of bits of peanuts. (Trader Joe's doesn't skimp on these.) And it contains just two ingredients, peanuts and salts. So, there's nothing artificial about it. The price online seems rather steep, and so if you have a Trader Joe's near where you live, pick it up there. It's quite a bit cheaper and comparable in price to the name brands.
4869 For years I used dental floss irregularly, primarily because the floss kept breaking or shredding, with bits of it getting stuck in my teeth. (The spaces between some of my teeth are extremely tight.) When that happened I would have to take another strand of floss to extract the first strand, a procedure that didn't always work. Thankfully, a few years back I received a sample of Glide from the hygienist after a checkup. I could tell the difference immediately. As soon as I finished the sample I went out and bought a dispenser of Glide. I've been using Glide ever since. It slides easily between my teeth, even those where the spaces are tight. And it never breaks off while I'm using it. I plan on continuing using it for as long as I have my teeth (which, I hope, is until I die). I especially like the mint variety, since its taste is really good. And, let's face it, it's an added benefit to have a hint of mint in the mouth when one is flossing one's teeth.
4870 Bob's Red Mill Vegi Soup Mix. It was great. is about as good a mix as we've come across. We added carrots, celery, and onion for vegetables and a bay leaf, a bit of pepper, and basil for seasoning, as well as some bouillon to the dry ingredients in the mix. This made for an extremely tasty soup.  The recipe on the side of the package calls for three cups of water or broth per cup of mix. You'll probably need more liquid, since the mix is quite absorbent. This is a good thing, since it means that you will have more soup than you anticipate. Also, we added some parmesan cheese to a couple bowls we've had. It adds a little extra flavor.  Another variation: Add a can of diced tomatoes. (This is one of the nice things about this mix. You can try lots of different variations and thus have plenty variety.)
4871 I love this game. We've had our set for more than 30 years, and every time we've played the game it's been fun. It combines skill at picking out letter patterns and word recognition with a knowledge of vocabulary. However, unlike some word games, one doesn't have to have a huge vocabulary to do well at it, since most of the words that are formed in the four-by-four letter grid are fairly short and basic. As a result, kids (probably anyone over 10 years of age) and adults can do equally well and have as good a time. Since there's a three-minute time limit on each round, quickness counts, which tends to favor youth, who are generally good at recognizing patterns.  Moreover, the game is practically indestructible. I'm sure we've played thousands of rounds over the years and the game looks the same as the day we bought it.
4872 The Handel's Messiah Family Advent Reader is one of the best of the many advent devotional books available on the market. Featuring Bible texts used to create Handel's Messiah, it provides a fresh set of Advent readings. These devotionals are appropriate for anyone from grade school through adult. The devotionals take about five minutes to read, use various Scripture texts, and contain interesting background as well. For instance, the very first devotional is titled, "Why the Gentlemen Couldn't Wear Swords." It discusses the first public performance of the Messiah and why, because of the expected large crowd, men were encouraged to not wear their decorative swords and women their hoop skirts. The text for this devotional is Revelation 19:6; 11:15; 19:16, which is the basis for the famed Hallelujah Chorus.  This book is published on high-stock paper, has great reproductions of painting as well as photographs, and contains an inspiring set of devotions for the whole family.
4873 I have a whole shelf on one of my bookcases dedicated to books written from both sides on the modern "charismatic" movement. This is one of the best written from a critical perspective. While the issue of whether today's glossalalia is the same as the gift of tongues of Scripture is covered in depth, John MacArthur does far more than look at this aspect of the charismatic movement. Chapters in his book include: Is Experience a Valid Test of Truth? Does God Still Give Revelation? Prophets, Fanatics, or Heretics? How Should We Interpret the Bible? Does God Do Miracles Today? What is Behind the "Third Wave" and Where Is It Going? How Do Spiritual Gifts Operate? What Was Happening in the Early Church? Does God Still Heal? Is The Gift of Tongues for Today? What is True Spirituality? Does God Promise Health and Wealth? I would highly recommend this book for someone who is looking for a well-balanced critique of the movement. Unlike some books on both sides of the charismatic issue, this book is well-reasoned and not sensationalized.
4874 If you're planning on doing any exploration of the bayous and back country of Louisiana, having the Delorme atlas and gazetteer along is crucial. When I had the opportunity to do this not long ago I made sure I procured a copy of this gazetteer. I was glad I did. I was able to find the backroads that gave me access to various out of the way places as well as the smallest lakes and bayous. The maps show hiking trails, which meant I was able to do the hiking I enjoy doing. And, although one might not need the topographical features in a state as flat as much of Louisiana is, there are undulating hills in the northern part of the state, and having a sense of the terrain is useful, especially for hiking purposes.
4875 As with some of the other commentaries on the longer books of the Bible in the Word Biblical Commentary Series, the commentary on Psalms is a multivolume endeavor, in this case, three volumes. Peter Craigie did the first volume (on the first 50 Psalms). Marvin Tate is the author of the second volume. Craigie's commentary was excellent, easy to understand, and with plenty of insight into the overall purpose of the Psalm, as well as its devotional content. Tate appears to be more interested in the scholarship than in the practical application, whether for the purpose of constructing a sermon on the Psalm, or for one's personal edification. As a result, Tate's commentary, while useful, will be of most value to the scholar. If you are building up the entire WBC series, you will wind up getting Craigie's commentary as well, which has a really wonderful introduction to the Psalms as a whole. Even if you're not, you'll want to purchase Craigie's commentary on Psalms 1-50 for the sake of this introduction.
4876 These King Oscar sardines are about the best available on the market. Packed in extra virgin olive oil they have a far better taste and texture than do the cheaper brands on the market. Having tried the cheaper brands repeatedly, let me assure you that there's all the difference in the world between them and King Oscar. Not only do they taste better, but they aren't overly salted. An entire tin provides just 11% of the DV of sodium. Compare that with the listing for some of the other brands and you'll see why King Oscar sardines are better for you.
4877 William Lane Craig, in "Knowing the Truth About the Resurrection," presents the standard arguments that are designed to establish the bodily resurrection of Jesus Christ as a historical fact. He does this in an easy-to-understand and plausible way. While he breaks no new ground, he does a credible job of presenting a case that many others before and after him have done.  He first shows why certain attempts to explain away the resurrection (such as the conspiracy theory, the apparent death theory, and the wrong-tomb theory) lack credibility. He then goes on to discuss the burial of Jesus, the overwhelming evidence for and the significance of the empty tomb, what the appearances of Jesus, as recorded in the Gospels, show about the likelihood of the resurrection, and how the origin of the Christian faith provides strong support for the bodily resurrection.  Although this book does not look at the issue of Christ's resurrection in the depth of a book such as N.T. Wright's, "The Resurrection of the Son of God," it provides a good introduction to the topic and is therefore a book to recommend to a person who has never before considered the evidence for Christ's bodily resurrection.
4878 "Philosophical Traditions: A Text with Readings" is a hybrid text. It is not simply an anthology or a single-author text but instead is a combination of the two. Pojman weaves his own narratives and explanations together with primary-source material from the major philosophers past and present. Pojman does more than simply give his own summary of the issue and then tack on a short piece from some other philosopher, leaving the student to grasp the connection. With just about every philosopher whose writings are included, Pojman presents a brief analysis every few paragraphs to help the student understand what is going on. Moreover, by using a different type face Pojman's comments are kept separate from the text being analyzed.  This book is about as complete as one would want in an introductory text. After two introductory chapters, which discuss what philosophy is and the nature of reasoning, Pojman looks at the philosophy of the Ancient Greeks, particularly Plato. The rest of the book contains several chapters on each of the following areas: philosophy of religion, the theory of knowledge, metaphysics and the philosophy of mind, freedom and determinism, ethics, political philosophy, and existentialism. An appendix on how to read and write a philosophy paper is also included.
4879 This bar combines deep, rich, creamy chocolate with an equally creamy and smooth caramel to provide an excellent taste sensation. The chocolate is definitely of a high quality and the caramel has a rich taste. In every way this is an excellent candy bar and one that is quite enjoyable.
4880 William Zinsser's "On Writing Well," which first hit the market some 40 years ago, is a classic in the field. A worthwhile book for any writer or aspiring writer, its advice is most helpful to those who are starting their careers or avocations in writing. Among its topics are simplicity, clutter, style, audience, the lead, the ending, the interview, professional and business writing, humor, and sports. With such a broad range of topics, it's not surprising that none of them are covered in depth. But this is not the purpose of "On Writing Well." Rather, the purpose is to provide an overview of nonfiction writing as a whole. It does a great job of this, as witnessed by its staying power over the years.
4881 Yes, as the name implies, this is definitely intense dark chocolate. At 86% cacao there is just the slightest hint of sweetness, but it comes really close to unsweetened pure chocolate. Moreover, the texture is great. It's smooth and not the least bit grainy (unlike some high-cocoa content bars), and the intense chocolate flavor is amazingly rich and full-bodied. If you're looking for a sweet chocolate bar, look elsewhere, but if you're looking for the taste of genuine no-nonsense chocolate, stop looking. This is it.
4882 What's the best word to describe this movie from the early 1980s? Compelling? Gripping? A tear-jerker? All these and more positive adjectives would be appropriate, for this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. And I've seen it enough times (including in a theater when it first came out) that I've lost track of how often. And each time I see it I'm on the edge of my seat in anticipation of what is going to happen next.  Judd Hirsh gives a great portrayal of a congenial yet dogged detective who has been hired to search for a missing boy. Seemingly every lead (and there aren't very many of them) winds up in a dead end. Thankfully, he doesn't give up.  Kate Nelligan, in what is perhaps her best performance, plays the part of the distraught but determined mother who says goodbye to her son Alex one morning as he leaves for school and seemingly vanishes in thin air. Although without any good reason to hope, she refuses to give up and clings to her belief that Alex is alive and that some day she will be reunited with him.  If you have never watched this movie, do so. You won't be disappointed. If it's been a long time since you watched it, watch it again. It's worth it.
4883 Throughout my adult life I've wanted to live to a ripe old age and have read extensively on how to achieve this goal. I've reached one firm conclusion: There's lot of contradictory advice. Timothy Smith's "Renewal" offers its share of advice. In a nutshell, he suggests a vegan diet, laying off the red wine, and taking lots of supplements. Many others have proposed something similar, and so, if you've already read several books on how to stay young, you're probably aware already of Smith's ideas. If so, you may gain a bit of helpful information, but not much more. If, on the other hand, you're just getting into the topic, I'd simply note that not everything Smith says is universally accepted. It's important to balance Smith's advice against that given by other writers.
4884 Earlier this summer I discovered Stubb's BBQ sauce, and I fell in love with it right away. Which is saying a lot, since I've tried a dozen or more brands over the years. The first time I bought the original flavor, since I figured that if it was good the others would be good as well. I then tried some of the others, finally graduating the this Spicy version. This is really great if you want a fair amount of heat in your BBQ sauce. But even though it's hot and spicy, it's not at all obnoxious. The great BBQ flavor still shines through. And it's nice and thick, not at all watery like some off brands available cheap in the supermarket. All this is reason enough to buy Stubbs. But what I like best is that there's no high-fructose corn syrup, and it's relatively low in sodium and sugar. Check out the nutritional facts on a bottle and you'll see what I mean.
4885 There's something about lemon drops that I've always really liked since I was a kid. And there are several pretty good brands on the market. Recently I discovered Claey's lemon squares for the first time. And they are among the best lemon drops. They have a genuine old-fashioned lemon taste. And if you just let them dissolve in the mouth they last a pretty long time. A drop is just 17 calories and is fat-free. The following is a list of ingredients: Sugar, corn syrup, citric acid, natural lemon flavor, color added: Yellow 5.
4886 I've loved mixed nuts ever since I was a little kid. Recently I tried these Kirkland Mixed Nuts for the first time. I was impressed. And that's saying a lot, since I've eaten many brands. These are rapidly becoming my favorites. They're fresh and have just the right amount of salt. Plus, there's a great variety and plenty of each kind, including some of those that are more expensive when bought by themselves. Generally speaking, they're cheaper at Costco than they are online. So, if you have a Costco nearby, you might want to buy them there.
4887 "Environmental Ethics: Readings in Theory and Application" is about the best anthology dealing specifically with environmental ethics that I have come across. Now in its Sixth Edition, "Environmental Ethics" includes an excellent balance of classical (e.g., Kant and J.S. Mill) and contemporary writings in the field. Moreover, the articles anthologized represent a range of viewpoints, with no one perspective dominating. A proper balance has been struck.  Topics include animal rights, pollution, population and consumption, ecological ethics, climate change, econfeminism, sustainability, and others. Each major section is preceded by a brief but helpful introduction setting out the major issues and giving a quick synopsis of the various articles that follow. There is more than enough material in this anthology for a semester-length course devoted specifically to environmental ethics.  Like most texts, the price tag is far more than it should be. But this drawback does not detract from the quality of the book.
4888 "No Country for Old Men" is one of the most gripping films I have ever watched. Set against the stark landscape of west Texas and northern Mexico, the film, the characters, and the dialog are equally stark. This is truly a minimalist film, in that there are no special effects, the characters are straightforward and not highly nuanced, and the evil that pervades the film is evident and obvious.  In fact, Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem) is the personification of an evil that is without redemptive quality. A man who kills with little or no provocation, and who does so throughout the film, Chiguhr shows absolutely no emotion at any point when he kills those who stand in his way. At no time, not even at the end, when he is seriously wounded, do emotion or remorse factor into the equation. One gets a glimpse of what evil unchecked by conscience is like.  Meanwhile, those whose lives become entangled with his, while more sympathetic than Chigurh, are themselves often cruel, self-centered, and bent on their own questionable goals, though their evil is more subtle than is that of Chigurh.  All in all, this may be the Coen brothers best effort. Those who liked Fargo, where evil and greed mix to present a compelling story, are almost certain to enjoy "No Country For Old Men" as well.
4889 While this commentary by R.C. Sproul on Romans does not go into the depth of some of the classic commentaries, such as the one by Charles Hodge or John Murray's, it is nevertheless a well-done and well-researched introduction to what is certainly the Apostle Paul's most famous and most discussed letter. Sproul writes from a Reformed perspective. Not surprisingly, his interpretation of the text is Reformed as well. His discussion of justification is one of the best that I have come across, and he makes a compelling case for the Reformed view of election and predestination in his commentary on the relevant passages in Romans 8 and 9. I do not hesitate to recommend this as a good first introduction to this epistle.
4890 "By This Standard" is far more than a popularization of Bahnsen's earlier work, "Theonomy in Christian Ethics." It is a worthy defense of theonomy in its own right. Moreover, it is a needed book for today. Having been a Reformed Christian for 35 years (since my conversion as a 31-year-old adult from agnosticism), but having had a fair amount of contact with the broader evangelical community, I can say this with conviction. The truth is that many, perhaps most Christians ground their views of politics, economics, culture, and society, as well as their "personal" morality elsewhere than in the holy Law of God. Not surprisingly, their lives reflect the values of the secular culture and their understanding of the issues shows very little awareness of a biblical worldview. Because this has happened, Christians have been unable to effectively counter the prevailing wisdom of secular culture.  By showing that there is no neutral ground, that one's views of civil government, education, economics, law, etc., etc., if not grounded in Scripture will wind up being nearly indistinguishable from the views of secular society, Bahnsen demonstrates how crucial it is that those who desire to live as Christians accept the revelation of God in His Word and in His Law as being foundational for all of life.
4891 These Griotten licorice cubes are a Dutch treat that are unique among licorice candy. With a soft, gumdrop-like inside, they have just a mildly salty flavor and a strong licorice taste. The outside is coated with a layer of brown sugar crystals, which partially offsets the saltiness on the inside. Although the Dutch are known for the wide variety of licorice they produce, Griotten is different from just about every other Dutch licorice, in shape, taste, and texture. Also, they are gluten free.
4892 This is the ideal package for the dark chocolate and caramel lover. The chocolate outer shell is dark but fairly sweet, and is rich, smooth, and creamy. The caramel on the inside is soft and easy to chew and also creamy, sweet, and rich. With two different types of squares, with and without sea salt, there's enough variety to make things interesting. If you like chocolate-covered caramels, this is the package for you.
4893 Recently we purchased the Teavana Youthberry Wild Orange Blossom tea. We've gone through most of it, enough for me to say that it is simply the best. Smelling the fragrance is itself a real pleasure. And brewing a pot is even better. The naturally sweet taste is delicate and satisfying. While the orange flavor predominates it isn't overwhelming. With this tea it's important to follow the instructions. Use no more than the recommended one and a half teaspoons. And don't let it steep too long, since brewing it too long will destroy the delicate flavor blend.
4894 I've been looking for a blend of spices that would work well in my homemade oil and balsamic vinegar dressing. Recently I discovered the 21 Seasoning Salute at Trader Joe's. It has just the perfect blend of spices for my purposes. In addition to using it in my salad dressing, my wife has put it on various meats prior to baking and has used in stir fries. It's also worked well in these dishes. Ingredients include onion, black pepper, celery seed, cayenne pepper, parsley, basil, marjoram, bay leaf, oregano, thyme, savory, rosemary, cumin, mustard, coriander, garlic, carrot, orange peel, tomato granules, lemon juice powder, oil of lemon, citric acid.
4895 It's been more than 30 years since I came across a billboard in Lincoln, Nebraska that read, "It's a shame what Lincoln pays it's police officers." I was upset at the time and am still upset today when I come across the misuse of apostrophes, commas, and other punctuation marks. So, I read this book with a positive prejudice, ready to agree with everything Ms. Truss would write. And I did find the book to my liking, discovering little with which I could disagree. The reality is that proper punctuation is necessary to clear communication, typically more essential than proper spelling (although important, most of the time we are able to discern what a misspelled word is supposed to be), and certainly more than certain rules of grammar. What I didn't expect was that Truss would present the material in a way that is lively, engaging, and often humorous. She takes herself seriously, but not too seriously. A Strunk & White this is not. That book may be an excellent reference; "Eats, Shoots & Leaves" is also a great read.
4896 Recently we bought a Comforzen Gelfuse Gel Memory Foam Mattress Topper for our full-sized bed. Our mattress was way too soft and we were thinking we'd have to buy another mattress. Instead, we bought the Comforzen mattress topper. It worked perfectly and we adjusted to it right away. Ever since it has aided our sleep by providing firmness without hardness. It fits our bed perfectly and doesn't slide around. It's very cooling, even on warm nights. We saved ourselves a bundle of money by not having to buy another mattress.  I would recommend this product for anyone who is looking for a quick and inexpensive solution to a mattress that isn't quite right.
4897 For those of us who were glued to our TV sets every week back in the 1960s watching the original Fugitive series it would have been impossible for any movie to live up to our expectations. And, to tell the truth, the movie didn't quite compare with the TV series as we remembered it. The good news is that the movie comes about as close as is humanly possible. So, if you're looking for great acting, particularly by Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones, an engaging plot, some great chase scenes, and everything else necessary to make a great movie about the pursuit of a fugitive by a cop obsessed with his capture, then watch this movie. It will keep you glued to your seats. It never drags. And it's believable. It was great when it came out in 1993 (some 26 years after the TV series came to an end), and it's equally great today, whether you've watched it before or not.
4898 Knowing my affection for the U.P. (we vacation in the Keweenaw every chance we get), my daughter surprised me with this book as a Christmas gift. I read it cover to cover in one sitting on the evening of Christmas day. Although I'm an outsider, I can attest that what it says is relatively accurate (though intentionally overdrawn) as to what to expect in the U.P. Lon Emerick, longtime resident of the U.P. (and someone who has written books extolling the virtues of this piece of God's earth), claims to have discovered and put into coherent form the scribbled notes of a Sam Satterly, which were found in a deer blind. In these notes, Satterly tells why visitors should stay away from the U.P. Among the reasons given are the black flies, wood ticks, giant mosquitoes, and deer flies, the harsh wintry climate (with more than 300 inches of snow some years), the wildlife (bears, deer, porcupines, etc.), and, most of all, the residents, who, it seems, don't take kindly to strangers. (Especially memorable is Satterly's comment about the greeting non-locals receive entering a bar: "When you enter, all conversation will stop and all heads will swivel to see just what foreigners have invaded their space." I speak from experience: This is the way it is.)  All in all, a fun, quick read that any Yooper or would-be Yooper will appreciate.
4899 Wm. Mounce's "Basics of Biblical Greek" is one I would highly recommend for someone who wants to learn NT Greek on his or her own. Although it is also appropriate for classroom instruction, its strength is in the completeness of its explanations and its introduction of the material is easy-to-comprehend bite-sized chunks. It also has plenty examples that demonstrate the various points being talked about. It's also helpful to have the workbook that supplements the text, since there are a lot of exercises to aid in learning the grammar of NT Greek. However, having learned the rudiments of NT Greek by studying Machen's classic grammar, and knowing that it can be done in this way, I believe that one can also learn NT Greek by using Mounce's book even without the workbook, since it's every bit as clear and detailed as is Machen.
4900 In Outliers Gladwell is concerned to show why it is that certain individuals become true outliers, in that they have tremendous success that cannot be explained by their cultural heritage alone. For example, why is it that so many of the lawyers who had the greatest success as corporate takeover lawyers in the 1980s and 1990s were descendants of Eastern European Jews who had immigrated to the United States around the turn of the twentieth century? As Gladwell points out, most of the most successful lawyers were born within a few years of each other, at a time when there was a birth dearth, which allowed them to take advantage of the best schools in New York at the time. Moreover, they came of age as lawyers at the time when hostile corporate takeovers were beginning to be the order of the day. Had they been born a few years earlier or a few years later, they would have missed out on all this and in all likelihood would have lived in anonymity.  I'm convinced that Gladwell is on to something. However, I'm also concerned that he has sought to establish his hypotheses through a rather limited number of examples. When a person engages in this procedure it is always possible to pick and choose instances that support one's hypotheses and ignore those that do not. I would caution against simply accepting all of what Gladwell says. He may be right. But, since he is engaged in inductive reasoning, unless his sample is augmented by further evidence, we have a fairly weak correlation. None of this takes away from the value of the book. It is still a very interesting and worthwhile book to read.
4901 Whenever I know I'm going to spend a fair amount of time in a state on a vacation I'll pick up the Delorme gazetteer for that state. It always comes in handy. I've rarely been disappointed with the amount of information it shows, such as secondary roads and backroads. Knowing that these exist comes in handy in taking shortcuts or being able to access really out of the way places. This proved especially true of North Carolina, when I had the opportunity to spend time in the Western part of the state. Not only was I able to find some out-of-the-way towns, but I discovered some really quaint little places, as well as some very picturesque ponds and streams. Also, I like to hike, and hiking trails (along with trail heads) are shown. Because it's a topographical map i can get a good idea of the terrain I'll be encountering, whether I'm on foot or driving. All in all, this gazetteer is packed full of useful information.
4902 The volume in the Word Biblical Commentary on Philippians was originally written by the late Gerald Hawthorne (professor of Greek at Wheaton College for many years) and was updated and revised by Ralph Martin. All in all, this is a stellar work. Although containing enough technical material for the most scholarly of students, it is also clearly written and straightforward enough that someone without a knowledge of Greek and who is looking to get an overview of the book (or for that matter a particular passage) will be able to use the commentary profitably.  Hawthorne/Martin use their own translation of the text. On the whole it appears to be an accurate rendition of the Greek and is sensitive to those passages where there are alternative translations. (I have not compared the translation in the Hawthorne/Martin edition with the original in any detail, so I can't say just how much revision has taken place in the translation found in the newer edition. However, I sense that they are similar.)  Of the several commentaries on Philippians I own, this is definitely one of the best. I would highly recommend it for anyone looking to do a serious study on this epistle.
4903 I love licorice jelly beans and the Jelly Belly brand is just about the best. They have the same great texture that I've come to expect from Jelly Belly and they have a pleasantly strong and genuine licorice flavor. Even though they contain a lot of sugar (as do most jelly beans), because each jelly bean is so small, a single jelly bean contains just four calories. A list of ingredients follows: sugar, corn syrup, modified food starch, contains 2% or less of the following: natural and artificial flavors, color added, Blue 2 Lake, Yellow 6 Lake, beeswax, carnauba wax, confectioner's glaze.
4904 "Pennsylvania Dutch Cooking" contains great recipes from the greater Pennsylvania Dutch culture (Mennonites, Amish, Moravians, etc.), some of them standard PA Dutch fare, others much harder to find in other cookbooks. The recipes are relatively easy to make and for the most part use standard ingredients, a testimony to the simplicity and straightforwardness of this style of cooking. And they are indeed quite tasty. The ingredients are listed in both standard American measurements and in metrics, which is an added benefit.  However, this is far more than just a cookbook. Interspersed are stories about the history of PA Dutch cooking as well as anecdotes about the culture. In addition, there is a glossary of PA Dutch food terms and a list of stores that sell local ingredients, a feature that is certainly helpful in tracking down otherwise hard-to-find ingredients. Aesthetically, this is a beautiful cookbook as well, with many mouth-watering pictures of the culinary specialties of the region. I would highly recommend this cookbook for anyone who is at all interested in the cuisine or the culture of PA Dutch country.
4905 These earphones were bequeathed to me. I already have a very nice set that my son gave me but I accepted these as an "extra" just in case the need arises. I use these earphones primarily for watching TV while exercising at the gym or to listen to video clips on the computer. They are lightweight and comfortable to wear. All in all, I'm very well pleased with these earphones.
4906 I remember having these Keebler club crackers many years ago when I was in grade school. Back then my favorite way of eating them was crunching them up and putting them into lunchtime chicken noodle soup. I no longer do that, but I still really love them. With their almost melt-in-the-mouth texture, they're also rich in flavor. They go great with a bit of cheese or a slice from a sausage log. Whichever way I eat them they're definitely my favorite cracker.
4907 One thing that one can be almost assured of when reading a book by David Wells: It's going to be insightful and to the point. This is certainly true of "Above All Earthly Pow'rs: Christ in a Postmodern World." Writing with a deep desire to see the church truly yet biblically relevant to postmodern humanity, Wells not only insightfully analyses postmodernism (and how it differs from modernism), but discusses with a depth of understanding often not found by Christian authors on how much of what passes as contemporary and "relevant" Christianity either remains irrelevant or compromises the Gospel in an attempt to become attractive to a postmodern society.  Although the book in its entirety is worth reading, I would particularly recommend the chapters on "Postmodern Rebellion" (Ch. II), "Christ in a Spiritual World" (IV), "Christ in a Meaningless World" (V), and "Christ in a Decentered World" (VI). I also believe the chapter on "Megachurches, Paradigm Shifts, and the New Spiritual Quest" (VII) should be must reading for those who are currently involved in churches that are self-consciously trying to be seeker friendly. Although the church must be concerned with effectively communicating with those who have little to no understanding of anything but a postmodern worldview, it must never compromise the Gospel, whether through preaching, worship style, or in any other way, in order to become relevant to such people.
4908 Kenny's chocolate licorice sticks have an old-fashioned chocolate licorice flavor. They are relatively soft and chewy and have a bit of a waxy feeling to them, which is typical of American licorice-style twists. If you're a fan of licorice twists, you'll probably like these. Each twist is approximately seven inches long and there are about 42 twists per pound, which means a 12 pound case will contain about 500 sticks. Buying in this quantity is quite a bargain. Here's a list of ingredients: Enriched wheat flour (wheat, niacin, iron, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, sugar, water, chocolate baking chips (sugar, chocolate liquor, cocoa butter, soy lecithin, vanilla), food starch modified (corn), cocoa powder, glycerin, natural chocolate flavor, salt, soy mono and diglycerides, soy lecithin, palm oil, vanillin, citric acid. Contains wheat and soy ingredients.
4909 There are several varieties of licorice breath mints on the market. As a co-owner of a candy store that specializes in gourmet licorice and other candies, the Meltzer's Puremints are the best. They sell well in our shop, and people keep coming back for more.  These Licorice Puremints are 100% natural, containing no artificial ingredients or animal products. They are great for the breath and are refreshing to the mouth. While they have the flavor of genuine licorice, they are not overwhelming or offensively strong. I highly recommend these for anyone looking for a cleansing mint with licorice flavor.
4910 Fairly soft and chewy and a bit waxy, Kenny's Root Beer Twists have a texture that is typical of American-made "licorice-style" candy. The flavor of these twists is recognizably root beer (although I'm not sure you can distinguish it as specifically A&W Root Beer). They're not gourmet candy, by any means, but they don't pretend to be. The twists are approximately seven inches long and are quite sweet. (Sweeteners include corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup.) For those interested, here's a complete list of ingredients: Corn syrup, sugar, enriched wheat flour (wheat, niacin, iron, thiamin, riboflavin and folic acid), high fructose corn syrup, food starch modified (corn), water, artificial flavor, glycerine, palm oil, salt, citric acid, soy mono & diglycerides, potassium sorbate preservative, caramel color.
4911 A couple years ago my wife and I used "Sanctuary" for our evening devotions. The dailyreadings are short enough to not become tedious while at the same time they provide an important daily insight. The meditations are never preachy but gently teach the truths they are trying to convey. Each one presents a spiritual truth that is important for us to understand. We were consistently impressed by the relevance of what was written for our lives. I highly recommend "Sanctuary" as a daily devotional book both for individuals and couples seeking greater understanding of how to live a life grounded in God's Word.
4912 Back when I was growing up in the 1950s and 1960s Ovaltine was manufactured in a factory in the west suburbs of Chicago, not more than four miles from our house. We used to drive by there and I loved the smell of the malt that emanated from the factory. Also, my dad was a big fan of Ovaltine, and we always had a jar around the house. I quickly discovered that not only did it taste great when mixed with milk, but the crystals also served as a great topping on a bowl of vanilla ice cream. As an adult I forgot about Ovaltine until recently, when I saw jars of it sitting on a shelf in a grocery store. I decided to buy a job. When I took it home an sampled it I quickly realized that it still had the rich chocolaty and malty taste that I remembered from when I was a kid.
4913 I've collected quite a few of these gazetteers over the years, since I like to have a detailed map of the places to which I'm traveling, particularly if I know I'm going to have a fair amount of time to explore the area. Knowing that I was going to spend time in Indiana, I bought one of these. If all you're planning on doing is traveling through Indiana on the interstate or a major highway a standard road atlas will do. But if you're going to seriously explore and area, then it's helpful to have one of these. This atlas shows all the county roads and section line roads, as well as the highways. Time and again, I've been able to find shortcuts from one place to another because the road has been shown in the gazetteer. The gazetteer also shows natural features not identified on the standard road atlas, including various topographical features, small rivers and creeks, lakes and ponds. For anyone doing serious exploring in an area, this gazetteer is a must.
4914 Gimbals are best known for their black licorice chews and their black scottie dogs. These round black licorice chews from Gimbals are a great low-calorie sugar-free alternative to their regular licorice chews. They're bite sized, soft, but firm with a distinct but not overpowering licorice taste. Here's a list of the ingredients: Maltitol syrup, modified food starch (corn and potato starch), sorbitol, caramel color, natural flavor, coconut oil, carnauba wax, sucralose, licorice root extract. A word of caution: As with all candy containing artificial sweeteners, consume in moderation. Excessive consumption can cause stomach and other digestive problems. All Gimbals products are Kosher ("OU" pareve) and are nut free, transfat free, gelatin free, gluten free, dairy free, and egg free.
4915 "Biomedical Ethics," by Thomas Mappes and David DeGrazia, now in its Seventh Edition, has been around in one form or another for more than 30 years. It is a competent though not exceptional text. It covers many of the standard issues in biomedical ethics, such as doctor-assisted suicide, abortion, the physician-patient relationship, patients' rights, decisions regarding life-sustaining treatments, experimentation on animals and human clinical trials, and healthcare reforms. Many of the standard and better-known articles in these various areas of biomedical ethics are anthologized. Each chapter is introduced by a fairly helpful (though at times somewhat dry) description of the issues written by Mappes and DeGrazia. It is not as thorough as some texts (Munson's "Intervention and Reflection" comes to mind), and it is definitely weighted toward medical ethics rather than bioethics in a broader sense, but it is certainly an appropriate text for a fairly advanced undergraduate course in the area.  The price for the paperback, which is approximately $100 is a bit steep, and the hardback edition is even more expensive. This is a drawback. But there isn't a whole lot that can be done about this. However, instructors who are looking for a reasonable text for their students might want to look elsewhere.
4916 My wife picked up a container of Tony Chachere's Original Creole Seasoning when visiting New Orleans some time ago. We have used it on a number of occasions. It provides a good, tasty, strong flavor and gives a variety of dishes a genuine creole touch. So, it's quite versatile, and it's good to have some on hand. One word of caution: Use this in moderation. Even a small amount can make a recipe quite salty. A quarter-teaspoon serving contains 13% of the DV of sodium, which is quite a lot for such a small amount.
4917 If you're looking for a very strong licorice flavor, enhanced with a touch of menthol, you will like this hard, flat, super strong piece made by Haribo in France. The pastilles in this flat pack taste similar to the Zan in the small round tin. This is not your typical sweet American licorice candy. Definitely European. Not a sweet American candy. It contains 40% licorice extract. Here's the complete list of ingredients: Licorice Extract (40%), dried glucose syrup, maltodextrin, treacle, natural mint flavorings with other natural flavorings.
4918 This is the best resource available for exploring any part of Colorado, but it becomes especially useful in the mountains. Because the eastern part of the state is laid out pretty much on a grid pattern and is, for the most part, rather empty, you may be able to get by okay with a regular roadmap, although even for this part of the state the Delorme gazetteer shows roads not indicated on the typical roadmap or road atlas. However, when it comes to the Rockies, this gazetteer is invaluable. Being a topographical map, it is of immeasurable value for both driving and hiking the mountains, allowing you to see in advance what sort of terrain you'll be encountering. Plus, it shows small lakes and ponds, rivers and creeks, campsites, and many other places not shown on the typical roadmap.
4919 "Environmental Ethics" is a balanced introduction to the subject of ethics and the environmen. After two introductory chapters in which Joseph DesJardins discusses various approaches to moral decision making (such as utilitarian and deontological ethics), subsequent chapters include a number of issues in environmental ethics, such as managing public lands, sustainability and responsibility to the future, anthropocentric and biocentric ethics and the inherent value of life, the land ethics, deep ecology, ecofeminism, and environmental justice and social equality.  Des Jardins writes in a lively fashion and does a good job of steering a middle course when discussing the many controversial issues in environmental ethics. Although not an anthology, Des Jardins describes in detail the ideas of various authors across the ideological spectrum and thereby provides an accurate portrayal of their different positions.
4920 "Extending the Table" is subtitled "A World Community Cookbook."  It is produced by the same people responsible for the "More With Less Cookbook" and serves as a useful supplement to that cookbook. Unlike the "More With Less Cookbook," which has recipes originating in the various Mennonite communities in the United States, "Extending the Table" contains a significant number of recipes from every continent on earth (except Antartica). The recipes from the United States a small minority and are regional or ethnic in nature (e.g., Kentucky soup beans and Navajo mutton stew). This is a great resource of recipes from around the world.  Interspersed throughout the book are many descriptions of how food is prepared in other countries, what the staple foods are in these countries, and so forth. These descriptions make "Extending the Table" an educational experience.  My reason giving this cookbook four rather than five stars is that it falls short in one significant area. Some of the recipes contain ingredients that are hard to find. Because of this, a fairly substantial initial outlay will be necessary for some of these recipes. Moreover, while some of the recipes are straightforward, others take a lot of work. The "More With Less Cookbook" does a better job in these areas.
4921 This Lindt chocolate and almond bar is an excellent combination of rich chocolate flavor and fresh roasted almonds. The package says that it is a dark chocolate bar, and technically it is. However, at just 46% cocoa it isn't bitter or even bittersweet, but is definitely a sweet chocolate. Someone looking for a more intense chocolate sensation will want to order one of the Lindt bars with a higher cocoa content. However, if you like a fairly sweet chocolate, and one that is smooth and really creamy, and enjoy the crunchiness that the almonds bring to the mix, then this is the bar for you. It's a high quality product.
4922 This is as simply and easy-to-use juicer as you'll find. Made of lightweight but durable stainless steel, it consists of just two partsa bowl to catch the juice, and a top that locks into the bowl. All you do is cut the fruit in half, and put each half in turn over the hump. Then just give a full turn to the right and then to the left and within seconds you will have gotten out the juice and the pulp. (I was able to do ten lemon halves in under ten minutes.)  The top has little holes that permit the juice to drain into the bowl while keeping the pulp and the seeds from falling in. (If you like juice with pulp you can always return the pulp to the juice after you're finished.) The bowl holds more than a cup of juice.  I've used several manual juicers, and this is the easiest one to operate.  I received this product from the company in exchange for writing an honest review
4923 These scottie dogs from Gimbals are cute and taste pretty good as well. They're not exactly gourmet licorice. Butut if all you're looking for is a piece of mild licorice candy, they'll do just fine. Being fairly soft (especially when fresh), they're easy to chew. Like all Gimbal's products, they're nut free, transfat free, gelatin free, gluten free, dairy free, and egg free. Here's a complete list of ingredients: Corn syrup, sugar, food starch modified (corn and potato starch), coconut oil, carnauba wax, natural flavor, caramel color, licorice root extract.
4924 Over a period of nearly 40 years of home ownership I've had to do a lot of pruning of trees and shrubs. During that times I've used several different pairs of pruning shears. These rachet pruning shears are among the best I've encountered. They're sturdily constructed and of lightweight metal. They're ergonomically designed and fit nicely into the palm of my hand. They also make a surprisingly smooth cut for a pair of rachet shears. (The general consensus is that bypass shears do a better job of this. In using this pair of rachet shears as well as bypass shears I did not see any significant difference in the smoothness of the cut.) The blade is made of premium-grade high carbon steel and the handles are of lightweight aluminum, which makes them a fairly lightweight tool. The one handle has a gripping pad, which prevents slipping.  The advantage of these over bypass shears is that they can cut through a wider branch. They're advertised as being able to cut through a 7/8" inch branch. The racheting mechanism makes doing this fairly easy. In fact, I was able to trim some branches that were just about an inch in diameter. All in all, this is a well-manufactured, long-lasting product. (They come with a 10 year warranty.)  I received these shears from the manufacturer in exchange for my willingness to write a product review, which I am happy to provide.
4925 Some four years ago, when I decided to try my hand at beer-making after six years of making homemade wine, I was looking for a short, simple guide, since I was pretty ignorant of the process. When I bought my beer-making kit, William Moore's "Home Beermaking" was included in it. It was what I needed to get started. The book begins with a description of the major types of beers. It then describes the equipment that beer maker should have. Then comes a chapter on the ingredients in beer (e.g., grains, malts, hops, etc.) and the way in which each one of them contributes to the finished product. Also helpful is a chapter on problem shooting. The book also includes several recipes for home-brewed beers. This is a great book for the novice. You can read it in an hour or less, but you'll want to keep it handy, at least until you're really adept at the process of making beer.
4926 Louis Berkhof is perhaps best known for his "Systematic Theology." His "Summary of Christian Doctrine" contains much of what he discusses in far more detail in the former work and encapsulates the material in a way that the beginner can understand. Most of the topics in "Systematic Theology" are found here as well, including God and creation, Man in his relation to God, the Person and work of Christ, the application of the work of redemption, the church and the means of grace, and last things. Much like he does in his longer work, Berkhof presents Christian doctrine from a Reformed perspective.  One nice feature is that at the end of every chapter there are suggestions for further study as well as questions for review. These features are useful both for individual and group study.  "Summary of Christian Doctrine" is ideal for someone looking for a first introduction to the topics typically discussed in systematic theology. It is brief and written in a clear and non-technical fashion.
4927 These Katzen Ohren (cats' ears) are thin and triangular in shape. They are hard but chewable. They have a strong, genuine licorice taste and are just a little bit salty. (Pungent might actually be a better word.) For those accustomed to American licorice, they will take some getting used to, but once one is familiar with them, they can become addictive. Because they are hard, a couple pieces last a long time in the mouth, thus prolonging the flavor of these German treats.
4928 If you purchase just one in-depth study of the history of Western civilization, "The Story of Civilization" by Will and Ariel Durant is the one. Will Durant authored the first several volumes and he and his wife collaborated on the last few. I began reading through the series several years ago, a project that took a couple years. Each volume is somewhere between 800 and 1000+ pages. Throughout, the Durants write in an engaging and accessible style, one that is never boring.  Far more than just the geopolitical history of the West is recounted. The history of art, literature, and philosophy, and, for that matter, culture in general, is discussed in depth as well.  The only drawback is that the Durants ran out of time. This history concludes with a volume on the Age of Napoleon. Will was about 89 years old when he and Ariel finished this volume and they never covered the events of the next two centuries. Other than this limitation, which is certainly excusable, this is a great set to have, either for reference or simply for the sheer joy of reading history.
4929 I have to admit that I was skeptical when my wife brought these mats home a few months ago. I had been using a sturdy, large cutting board for cutting vegetables and bread, something I do almost daily. The downside was that it was so big, was rather hard to clean thoroughly because it was so heavy, and was a pain to store. But I wasn't sure that this set of flexible mats would stand up to the wear of daily cutting.  It's several months since I began using them. After using them twice I was sold on them. They wear well, and, unlike what some reviewers have experienced, they do not show any knife wear. They are flexible, which means that a person can funnel cut-up vegetables into a salad bowl or a pot with ease. (No more pieces of carrot and celery falling off the side.) And they are a breeze to clean and to store. Moreover, the gripping side does a pretty good job of sticking to the counter surface. Based on my experience, i would highly recommend this set of mats.
4930 A few months back we bought our first bottle of On The Border medium salsa. We had it with homemade chicken tortillas. Almost immediately we decided that this was just about the best salsa we had ever tasted and we fell in love with it right away. The salsa had the right amount of sweetness and spiciness. It was really thick. And it had just the right amount of heat for a medium salsa. Since we first bought it it's been the only salsa we've used.
4931 This is a thorough history of the Cubs. It goes even further back than the founding of the National League in 1876, during which the White Stockings (predecessors of the Cubs) were in the old National Association. The author, Glenn Stout, writes in a lively, engaging fashion, weaving in statistics with enough interesting anecdotes to keep every Cubs fan satisfied. Stout share space with a number of other authors, such as Scott Turow and the late Mike Royko. A significant number of photographs break up the monotony of the two-column text.  There are a few things that keep this from being a great text. For one thing, the author did not choose to include any color photographs. This would have made for a more presentable book. Also, more charts in the Appendix would have been welcomed. However, charts listing the yearly leader in average, homeruns, wins, ERA, etc., would have been a welcomed addition. (Also, for some reason, the Cubs' record for 1876, their first year in the National League, is missing.)
4932 John MacArthur has written this book for the ordinary Christian, particularly one who is struggling with assurance of salvation. Having grown up in the evangelical community, attended an evangelical Christian college, and spent most of my adult life among evangelicals, I can say that this is one of the major issues with which many Christians deal. On the one hand there are those who somehow think they must earn their salvation and for whom nothing Scripture says about the completed work of Christ is sufficient to give them assurance. At the other extreme are those for whom the "once saved always saved" message has led them to a life of false security and indifference.  MacArthur addresses both these matters in the book. He clearly believes that our salvation rests in the completed work of Christ alone, that nothing we can do can form the ground of our salvation. As Augustus Toplady wrote: "Not the labors of my hands could fulfill thy law's demands; could my zeal no respite know, could my tears forever flow; all for sin could not atone, thou must save and thou alone." At the same time, he is quite clear that those whom the Holy Spirit have made alive will bring forth fruits of thankfulness. Since much of his book addresses those who recognize that salvation is by grace through faith alone, he offers practical guidance as to what we should expect in the lives of those in whom God's Spirit is working his new creation.  This is an easy to understand book on the perseverance and preservation of the believer, and on that is well-balanced in its approach.
4933 As is well-known, Mark is the shortest of the four Gospels, and one's initial reaction might be to assume that it is therefore little more than a summary of what is found in greater detail and depth in the other two Synoptics. Why, then, such a detailed commentary as Guelich's in the Word Biblical Commentary series? The answer: Mark is worth detailed attention. There is first of all the issue of priority? Did Mark write first (a widely held position since the 1800s)? Or did Mark simply write an abridged version of Matthew's Gospel (the traditional view)? Or do the Synoptics bear some other relationship with each other? This is a question that every commentator on Mark needs to address, and one which Guelich does in detail. And, as we begin to investigate the Gospel, there are a host of other questions that must be addressed, such as the time and place of writing, authorship, the theme of the Gospel, and much more. Once again, Guelich is quite helpful in his discussion of these issues.  And then there is the commentary itself. Following the format of the WBC series as a whole, Guelich begins each section with an original translation, followed by a series of footnotes on the Greek text. This section will probably be of most interest to the scholar. However, there is quite a bit of meaty thought for the layperson as well, particularly in the "comment" and "explanation" sections. Here Guelich does a creditable job of interpreting Mark and showing the practical relevance of the account of Jesus' life and words as given in the text.
4934 Published in 1971, "Jerusalem and Athens" is a collection of essays by leading (mostly) Reformed scholars on various aspects of the thought of the late professor of apologetics at Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia, the Dutch-American Cornelius Van Til. The essays include contributions from thinkers such as Herman Dooyeweerd, Philip E. Hughes, J.I. Packer, G.C. Berkouwer, S.U. Zuidema, Paul Jewett, Richard Gaffin, Herman Ridderbos, Robert Knudsen, R.J. Rushdoony, John W. Montgomery, Clark Pinnock, Arthur Holmes, and others. Not all but the majority of these essays are followed by a fairly brief response by Van Til.  As with almost all anthologies, the various contributions are of somewhat uneven quality. However, for the most part they represent excellent scholarship. Where certain of them show some misunderstanding of Van Til's thought, Van Til has been given the opportunity to correct this misinterpretation. And this, after all, is part of what serious scholarship is aboutcoming to a better understanding of a person's position. This book, published more than four decades ago, does its part in helping us understand the (often misunderstood) thought of one of the great Christian apologists of the twentieth century. For anyone interested in the serious study of Van Til, this book is must reading.
4935 Over the years I have read quite a few books on simplicity. "Simplicity: Finding Peace by Uncluttering Your Life," by Kim Thomas, is one of the best. One of the best features of it is that it does not offer a complicated formula for achieving simplicity. As the title of the book notes, it is about uncluttering. Clutter complicates one's life. But not just physical clutter. Clutter in one's relationships. Clutter in one's schedule and in one's activities. Clutter in one's hobbies. All of these keep one's life from being simple. Ms. Thomas speaks to these and other forms of clutter and shows in a practical way how to get rid of the clutter so that one can begin to live simply and thereby concentrate on those things that are of lasting value. I would highly recommend this book for anyone who is committed to living more simply.
4936 If you're just beginning your foray into Indian cooking, Julie's Sanhi's "Introduction to Indian Cooking" is the one you should buy. The recipes are simple and straightforward, with mostly easy-to-find ingredients. You'll find recipes for appetizers and soups, breads, rice and other grains, main dishes, desserts and beverages, and more. There is also a chapter on Tandoori grilling. Prior to the recipes themselves you'll find a section on the way herbs and spices are used in Indian cooking and Indian dining in general. In the back of the cookbook you'll find an extensive list of spices, herbs, and other flavorings, a glossary of terms, and a list of mail order services. (Check online before you order from any of these places. This cookbook was published nearly 20 years ago and some of these places may no longer be in business.) An added bonus is the mouthwatering pictures of various Indian dishes.
4937 Ever since I can remember I've loved the taste of tuna. My mom used to put tuna sandwiches in the lunch I'd take to school, and when she did I was very happy. I also ate a lot of tuna when I was in graduate school as a way to save money. Over the years I've tried just about every brand available in the supermarket. But one brand always stood out, and that was Starkist. I could always depend on its quality and taste. These days I use it primarily in tuna salads and tuna melts. And it's every bit as good as it was when I was a kid.
4938 I love the taste of grapefruit-flavored gummies. And I especially love these Haribo grapefruit wedges. They're the best and have an excellent balance of sweet and sour flavor. Each piece is a fairly large, thinly sliced wedge, which is then dusted in sugar. The genuine grapefruit taste comes through nice and strong. Here's a list of ingredients: Sugar, corn syrup, gelatin, citric acid, fumaric acid, corn starch, artificial and natural flavors.
4939 Nestle semi-sweet chocolate chips may be a few cents more than the store brands. However, having tried the latter I quickly discovered that Nestle semi-sweet chips are far and away better. The store brands are tasteless and waxy. I've been using semi-sweet chips in my baking for well over forty years, and I always use Nestle's. They have a deep, rich flavor that is truly chocolaty. I've yet to find a brand that compares. I'm happy to pay a few cents more to get Nestle's quality.
4940 The book of 1 Chronicles raises a number of interesting questions with which the author of a commentary must wrestle. For example: Why exactly does the Chronicler regard the assignments of the musicians and other Levites as important? And why does he omit a significant part of the reign of David as recorded in 1 Kings and why in particular has he omitted most parts that deal with the turmoil in David's reign that resulted from his sin with Bathsheba (something passed over in its entirety by the Chronicler)? And, on the other hand, why does the Chronicler include the story of the numbering of the fighting men, even though this also displays David's disobedience to God?  All these issues and many others are more than adequately handled by Roddy Braun's commentary on 1 Chronicles in the Word Biblical Commentary series, as are issues such as the authorship of the book (which Braun believes to be someone other than the author of Ezra-Nehemiah). As a commentary on the text itself, it is a work of serious scholarship, but it is one that is accessible to the layperson.
4941 This is one of the licorices that hooked me on European licorice in general and Finnish licorice in particular. Unlike some European licorice, it isn't salty. At the same time, it is not overly sweet, but has a deeply satisfying and strong licorice flavor. For those whose experience has been with Twizzlers and waxy American-made licorice bites, these Finnska Licorice bites will knock your socks off. Fairly soft and easy to chew, these tasty little tubes will show you what licorice really should be like.
4942 Ka-Me Japanese stir fry noodles are thick, with a nice, firm texture, and are quite tasty. According to the statement on the package, they come "fresh cooked" and could be eaten as is, but they are best cooked for 2 minutes in a wok or skillet or for 90 seconds in a microwave. (We tried the skillet recipe on the back of the package and were happy with the results.) They go well with a variety of Asian stir fry dishes. Also, each 14.2 oz. package contains two pouches, which is great for making just half the package. Although more pricey than most noodles, considering taste and convenience, they're worth the extra cost.
4943 "The Age of Voltaire," a volume in "The Story of Civilization" series by Will and Ariel Durant, covers a period of approximately 40 years (1715 to 1756) and uses more than 800 pages to do this, devoting a significant portion of these pages to the cultural and intellectual scene. In addition to Voltaire and other French thinkers, influential thinkers in other countries (such as the deists in England) are covered as well. The Durants also pay attention to the graphic arts and music of this age.  The geopolitical scene during this time is not forgotten. The reigns of George I and II of England are covered, as are James III and Charles III, both pretenders to the British throne. The reign of Louis XV in France and the rise of the Hohenzollern family in Brandenburg-Prussia are covered in detail. We also are treated to some lesser known facts, such as that serfdom survived in Hungary until 1848.  This is a readable and enjoyable volume, one that provides an excellent overview of an important period in Europe.
4944 Volume IV is my first encounter with Sumit Dhar's quiz books. Until I was sent a mobi file of this volume in exchange for an honest review, I was quite unaware of their existence. There's a lot to like about this volume.  First, the format. The book is divided into 20 chapters (quizzes), with 5 questions in each chapter. Hence, there are 100 questions altogether. Lest this sounds like a small number, it should be noted that each question is approximately 50 words long and reads more like a vignette than a simple question. Thus, the questions are long enough to provide the reader with a sufficient number of hints to allow him or her to make an educated guess. At the end of each 5-question chapter the questions are repeated along with the answers. This is a really nice feature, since it eliminates the need to keep from flipping back and forth between questions and answers. (This is especially important in an e-book, where it's impossible to keep one's finger on the page with the answers.)  Second, the content. This volume has questions on a wide variety of topics. A number of the questions are on history or pop culture, but there are also questions that involve topics such as word origins (which I really like). Although this particular volume emphasizes American history and culture, there are enough questions of general interest that most people should find this quiz book fascinating.  Finally, the book is well-written and well edited. There is also enough "white" space and occasional pictures to make for a pleasing appearance.  I highly recommend this book for people who are into trivia or who simply want to increase their knowledge of facts.
4945 I bought my copy of John Hartley's commentary on Leviticus when it was first published in the Word Biblical Commentary series. Like most of the volumes (though not quite all) in the WBC series, it is a worthy, scholarly endeavor. Among other things, it does a great job of explaining the various sacrifices, describing for the reader their purpose and how each one differs from the other sacrifices. It also does an excellent job in describing the overall purpose of the book as well as the different themes as they appear. Like most of the other volumes in the WBC, it is geared for the scholar. However, there is enough that is accessible to the layperson that anyone with a desire to learn more about the purpose of Leviticus can benefit. Hartley provides an original translation of each passage, along with footnotes regarding the interpretation of the Hebrew text. The sections labeled "Comment" and "Explanation" provide the verse-by-verse commentary and a discussion of the overall theme of each section.
4946 I love these dark chocolate covered almonds from Kirkland. I'm a big dark-chocolate fan, and I much prefer it to milk chocolate when it comes to a chocolate-covered nut. And when a high-quality dark chocolate, as Kirkland produces, surrounds an almond, which is my favorite nut, I find it difficult to eat just one or two. In fact, this is my downfall with these dark chocolate-covered almonds. Once I get started I can't stop eating them. The almonds are always fresh and plump, and the chocolate covering is nice and thick.
4947 Ive read all the books in this series and up until the two preceding this work have enjoyed all of them...suppose you could call me a big Hamish fan.  I must say though that the series does not have the snap that it has when author M.C. Beaton first starting creating it.  The last few books have been, in my opinion, real duds.  I will say though that with this offering the author seems to have gotten somewhat back on track.  There is less formula and Hamish has regained some of his nice traits and not degenerated into a crabby and frustrated old man.  There seems to be more humor in this book and while the author has stuck to her normal formula she has inserted some newer twists and turns which show echoes of the original books in this series.  I still like the descriptions of the country and villages and still enjoy some of the quirky characters encountered although I wish there were more, i.e. quirky characters and more about Hamishs animals.  All in all this was a fast read and I suppose worth the short time it took to read it.  This was a library find.
4948 Of the Burton biographies I have read, this is quite by far the best.  The research is great, and for a history book, this is a true page turner.  I found it fascintating, that while reading this work, I had to keep reminding myself that this guy, Sir Richard Burton, was a real person, and was not some figment of a writer's imagination. Richard Burton led a fascinating life during a fascinating time in our history.  The author captures both the time and the man.  I highly recommend you read this one, if at all interested in this man and his time and further recommend you add it to your library as you will probably want to give it more than one read.
4949 This one was a lot of fun and most certainly had a wonderful nostalgic feel to it.  My wife and I had to laugh as we put it together because every garage on every home we have ever lived in was just as cluttered as the one depicted here. It normally takes me about 3 months to trash a place.  This is a well made puzzle as all Buffalo games are and when you compare quality with other brands v/s cost, Buffalo Brand comes out in very good shape. There were no missing pieces in this one and the finished product looked quite good.  We appreciate the poster inside the box  it helps a lot.  When finished, this puzzle, like all we complete, has been donated to a local long term care facility.  We complete dozens of puzzles each year and have given up trying to mount these things long ago...might as well let others enjoy.  This was purchased at a local hobby shop and the price here on Amazon is quite competitive if you have Prime.
4950 A thought provoking work, this one should be on everyones reading list, particularly the young student.  This is one of those works that can be enjoyed and at the same time actually very, very instructive.  Like some of Sagan's other works, this one has become a bit politicized over the years, which is a shame as it's primary purpose is to encourage people to think!  An open mind, one that is willing to examine all sides of an issue is a good thing.  Dogma, which this book obviously is not, is a dangerous thing and leads to all kinds of problems.  As an enjoyable read, I recommend this one highly.
4951 I enjoyed this very readable book.  I first read it in 1988 and after doing so, actually went out and bought the thing.  The author has some very nice theories as to the peopling of North America and is quite well able to back them up.  The book is easy reading and logical.  While not all may agree with the author's explanations, they do give food for thought. Recommend you add this one to your collection.
4952 This work, Volume IV, is like the others. A wonderful history of how it was. In this day and age of having most needs meet and something for everyone on the Wal-mart shelf, we tend to forget just what it was like in our not too distant past. These books, the Foxfire books, brings to light skills, attitudes and a way of life that is all but forgotten. This is a good thing. When a people lose their history, they lose part of their soul. As the title of this work states, from fiddle making to horse trading, this addresses many of the old forgotten skills and there is so much more. The editors have done a wonderful job. They have made a very honest effort to replicate the dialect of those places and times and I feel that this is a big part of the charm of these books. I am old enough to have known many of the kinds of folks featured in these books, being only one generation past them, and have a great appreciation for what and how they did all the little things we take so for granted now. I might also suggest that you actually try some of the things mentioned in these volumes. It will give you even more of an appreciation for what they did, and hey, who knows, the skill you develope just might come in handy one of these days! Recommend this and the other Foxfire books highly.
4953 Author John R. Erickson has introduced a new character in this hilarious Hank story; Eddie the Rac.  Eddie is a raccoon and anyone who has known any raccoons in their life can tell instantly that the author knows these masked creatures.  As cute as they are they can be a real pain and you only have to ask Hank the Cowdog to verify this fact!  Of course about every creature on the ranch at one time or another has outsmarted Hank who is head of ranch security but Eddie takes out smarting Hank to new levels.  As with all the books in this series, this is a very pleasing and funny read and I doubt if a person could read more than five or six pages at a time without breaking out in laughter.  We have the added bonus in that these books are great for the entire family  from the youngest to the oldest...they are sort of timeless.  It should also be noted that many good lessons pertaining to life can be learned by reading this work and other in the series.  This was a library find.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4954 This is a wonderful addition to the series "Books For Young Explorers" published by the National Geographic Society.  This particular book was first published in 1988.  This work consists of the very high quality that National Geographic has been known for over the years.  The majority of the photographs are of animals, in the wild and many emphasize young animals.  There are no "staged" photographs here.  The text is quite simple, explaining each photograph and giving information on each critter featured.  The author has incerted questions for the children here and there which is great for discussion and to get their wonderful little minds working.  The book is quite well made and should hold up well.  This is a fun read together book, as the text is ideal for children (although adults will find it interesting also) and the beautiful photographs are a pleasure to the eye of any age.  I highly recommend this one.
4955 This smallish work, the original 1954 edition had 240 pages, is actually a pretty interesting bit of work.  The primary focus of the entire work is, as the title would indicate, the early years of Hemingway's remarkable career as a writer.  Now this is not the beginning and end of all works on this subject, and in no way equals the multi volume offering of Michael Reynolds, and indeed, works by other noted Hemingway scholars, it never the less gives the interested reader glimpses and insights into just what the professional life of Hemingway was made of.  In my case I was particularly interested in Hemingway's career as a journalist, i.e. Kansas City and Toronto, and of course the huge impact that Paris had on his development - the overall intellectual vibrancy of the time, the writers and artists he associated with and influenced him and of course the turmoil of his personal life.  Of course reading this work from the advantage of hindsight, a person, of a person so wishes, can pick little holes in the text here and there.  Keep in mind that this was written in 195 and Hemingway was alive, well and still writing when this work was published.  As a matter of fact, he had just published The Old Man and the Sea a couple of years before.  This book is well written but I fear has long been out of print.  It will probably be of more interest to individual who have a passion for the study of this author's work and life.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4956 I cannot think of a better way to introduce the poetry of Wallace Stevens than this small volume.  The selection is excellent and of interest you the young reader.  The commentary is quite relevant as are the pictures which accompany it.  I find that often now, our young people go all the way through the early grades in school and many of them have never heard of Stevens much less read their poetry.  This was the sort of stuff my generation and the generation before it grew up on and cut our teeth on.  I do not feel I am any worse for the wear.  I am fearful that we are bringing up an entire generation (rightfully or wrong, although I feel it is the later) of young folks who will have no appreciation to this great art form and will miss a lot.  This book helps.  This entire series helps, as a matter of fact and I certainly recommend you add this one and the others to your library.  Actually, it is rather fun reading these with the young folk and then talking about them.  Not only do you get to enjoy the work your self and perhaps bring back some great memories, but you have the opportunity to interact with your child or student.  It is actually rather surprising what some of the kids come up with.  I read these to my grandchildren and to the kids in my classes at school.  For the most part, when I really get to discussing the work with them, they enjoy it.  Recommend this one highly.
4957 First, as is not my usual practice, I will address why I gave this one only four stars.  Number one: The author has sort of overly simplified or dumbed-down some of her explanations and observations.  I think she did this in order to make it mord kid friendly.  When dealing with science, nature, literature, I feel this is a mistake.  It is one of the major problems we have with our current educationsal system.  Kids need facts, true facts, and do not need to be spoon fed tipid information just to make it more "current and readable."  Second: There are simply better books out there on the same subject.  That being said, I enjoyed this one as do the children I read it with.  The book is about various animals and the methods of camouflage they use and secrets of defense. Artic Fox, Polar Bears, Stick Insects, Crocodiles, Frogs, Crab Spiders, Mantises, Screech Owls, Geckos, Elk, Plover and Lions are some of the animals addressed here.  The pictures are great.  As to the question the Library people asked here in their review "who really actually tastes grasshopper spit?"  Well, I for one have.  And yes, it does taste yukky.  All in all, a fun read, interesting, but there are better.
4958 I got this one for our first great-granddaughter. She is only four months old now but as I noted that this is a "growing toy," good for the wee ones form 6 months to 3 years I thought "why not." To be honest with you though, she is already enjoying the thing. We set her or lay her beside the toy and hit the various buttons and such. She delights in the noise and motion and becomes quite excited.  The toy is quite versatile, very bright and colorful and makes pleasing noises...all of which she appears to enjoy. We play with her with this toy for periods of short duration which she, again, seems to enjoy and does not get tired of watching and listening. It this is any indication of what the future holds, she should get a lot of enjoyment out of this thing for months, if not a couple of years, to come.  The toy is well built. I have not found (after very close examination) any "danger spots," such as sharp edges, rough area or choke hazards. We used Fisher Price toys for our children and grand children and have always been pleased with the quality. It would seem that their quality is being continued now for another generation - something you don't often see these days when you think about it.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4959 I am quite amazed that so much information can be packed into such a slim volume!  Like another reviewer, my bookshelves absolutely grown under the weight of all the books I own concerning the Civil War.  I find myself going back to this small volume time and time again.  The text is quite readable and the illustrations are wonderful.  I use this book constantly in my research and in my collecting of the artifacts of this era. All in all, this is a very useful, practical book that is absolutely fun to read and I recommend you purchase and add it to your library.  You won't be sorry.
4960 Well I must say that I am in agreement with another reviewer here who stated that this is a fine Mack Bolan read but I fear at this point these Executioner books have beat the kill all drug dealers and smugglers theme to death.  The plot is almost identical to the plot in at least 60 or more other books in this series and it is getting a bit old.  On the other hand, you got to have bad guys for Mack (The Big Man in Black) to kill and eradicate and I suppose next to terrorists, then drug dealers are the next best thing.  The location takes place, for the most part, in Miami.  The plot really has little impact to the story which, lets face it, is more about action and a high body count than it is about a complex story line.  And yes, this book delivers on the body count.  Alas folks...I am sorry to report that GOLDEN EAGLE publishing company has now gone belly up.  They had a great run which peaked in the mid 1990s but for various reason...well, they are gone.  They were an subsidiary of Harlequin Books and I suppose they simply could not compete with the other books published by this company.  Anyway, this is a decent and typical Mack Bolan read.  It is number 140 so if you are trying to get through the entire series, you have a few hundred yet to go.  I would give this one five stars had the author had Mack obliterating some other group of really wetched bad guys...the drug thing simply has started boring me...just a bit.
4961 This is certainly a wonderful collection compiled by Esther M. Bjoland.  This review is in reference to the 1976 revised edition.  The book is filled with small short stories, poems, sayings and wonderful illustrations for both boys and girls.  Some of the stories are nice and simple, others more involved.  You will amost certainly be able to find quite a handful of stories for your young one in this volume.  I do like the illustrations also.  Recommend this one highly.
4962 Actually, years ago, this was the first L'Amour I read.  I have been hooked ever since.  The post Civil War years are rather fastinating and L'Amour is able to capture, in fiction, the general feeling and plight of those who lived those times.  As an added bonus, like all L'Amour books, the setting of this story is quite well handled.  East Texas is still East Texas and the author's discription and feel for the country is wonderful.  This is a very easy book to read and I certainly would recommend it to the younger reader interested in this particular genre.  All in all, great fun!
4963 No spoilers here!  Dorothy Cannell is a good story teller and certainly has a great sense of humor.  With this 11th novel in the Ellie Haskell series, both traits come shinning through. Ellis in contacted by three ladies from out of her past that state her grandmother wants to contact her.  Since Ellie's grandmother is long dead, this is of course a problem.  Ellie and her ever present quirky house keeper set out for a visit and of course end up in a typical Gothic Setting with three very odd ladies.  I it is sort of difficult to do much plot outlinging with Ms. Cannell's books as there are plots and subplots scattered throughout the work.  To talk much about one leaves openings to spoil another for the reader.  I did feel that the over all plot of this work was weaker than in some of the author's other works and, as another reviewer has pointed out, the book, at times, seemed rather rushed.  That is okay though.  I read these books more for the humor and characters than I do the story and the author has delivered again with this one.  If you are looking for a fast, one evening read, that is rather enjoyable, then this one is for you.
4964 If you can find it, add this one to your collection.  It is a wonderful collection of letters from the decendents of those who fought in the Civil War.  These letters are not by professional writers.  Much of their information is second hand, i.e. handed down via oral tradtion within the family.  The facts may not always hold up under close scrutiny, but I am one of those who feel that the oral history of any society is just as important as those histories gleened from orders of battle and closely researched works by historians.  This is one of those wonderful collections.  Recommend it highly.  Hope you can find it and hope you enjoy as much as I did.
4965 This was a short fast read and a rather brutal read.  It is sort of a novel of revenge.  A man, the primary protagonist in the story is shot in the head and his wife is ravaged by a serial killer/rapist.  The man lives and starts tracking this cold blooded killer with the help of a local police detective.  Various scenes in the book are rather brutal and could quite well be upsetting to some people so be warned.  The book is well written and the plot flows quite well.  Characters are vividly portrayed even the sick puppy who is the bad guy.  There is quite a lot of violence in this work; violence of a sexual nature and again, I must warn, this may be upsetting to many.  I liked it because it was well written and realize that in the real world we live in there are indeed predatory individuals as the one portrayed in this novel.  This was a good fast read which kept me turning the pages.  This was a library find.
4966 What a dazzling, complex and busy puzzle this one was; and I must add that it was a joy to complete. Even though Charles Wysoski passed away in 2002 a great deal of his work lives on through these puzzles that companies like Buffalo Games and their series of puzzles featuring his work.  Not only does this give we puzzle fans fascinating material to work with, it also exposes many to the works of this wonderful American artist...not I say artist and not illustrator.  This was not the most difficult puzzle we have completed but it was a challenge simply because of the wide variety of color and shapes involved.  This is a very well made puzzle and is of the highest quality.  There were no missing pieces and all pieces fit together quite well.  My wife and I put these things together while listening to books on CDs and chatting...we have been doing this together for well over 52 years now.  It takes us two or three days to put one of these together and we listen to some great books and/or have some great conversations.  This one does come with a nice folded picture of the completed work which is a great help.  Like other puzzles we complete we disassemble and then donate them to either local long term care facilities or the local libraries so others can enjoy them.  There is a great need for this and both my wife and I would encourage others to do the same.  This was purchased at a local hobby shop and the price here on Amazon is quite competitive.
4967 This is the second or third White Mountain puzzle my wife and I have completed and I must say that we are quite impressed.  Yes, these puzzles are at the high end of mid range puzzles as far as pricing but we feel it is quite worth the couple of extra dollars.  If you think about it, this is a lot of entertainment for your dollar.  One of the things we liked about this puzzle and other White Mountain puzzles is that the pieces are just a bit larger than other brands offer.  This may not seem like a big deal but when your eyes get old...well, it is a big deal.  We complete dozens of puzzles each year.  We are both retired and spend two to three hours each day listening to books on CDs (In the old days it was books on tapes) and/or simply talking.  We always have a puzzle going.  The pictures on this one is busy, busy, busy with lots of little details and color shifts.  This is the sort of puzzle we enjoy.  It is actually a bit more difficult than you might think.  All pieces fit together quire well and there were no missing pieces.  The cardboard backing is quite stout and we had no problems with the actually print detaching itself from the cardboard backing.  And yes, the puzzle pieces are indeed thicker than what is normally found in puzzles in this price range.  This puzzle, when it was completed, was torn down and donated to a local long term care facility.  We have been doing this for years and encourage others to do so because it is needed.  This puzzle was purchased at a local hobby shop and the price here on Amazon is quite competitive.
4968 I had never read a mystry before and I must say I was quite surprised, I liked it!  It was quite fun to read!  I very much enjoyed the author's style.  I suppose now, I will have to read her other books.  If I found one fault, and it may be just me, I felt the author was rather abrupt in her introduction of new characters - I had trouble tracking them. Other than that, all was well and I would highly recommend this book.  I do hope we get more from Ms Hamilton (after, of course, I read her first ones.  Thank you for writing this story.
4969 I normally don't write reviews such as this but am going to make an exception this time.  This book, `Death of a Greedy Woman," was actually published back in 1993 under the title "Death of a Glutton."  Now this is a very fine book and is actually one of my favorites in a series that is one of my favorite.  I have nothing against the story, the writing or anything like that.  What does bend my nose out of shape though is that the publishers have reissued this older book, `Death of a Glutton," under the new title we see here and have given us NO WARNING!  This book was bought as a present and presented to me as my wife knew I was a big Hamish fan.  She did this in good faith.  Alas, she was taken advantage of.  I have absolute no problem with reissuing a book under a new title.  This is done all the time.  But normally the customer is given warning.  There was and is NO WARNING on this book.  That folks, is not a good thing.  I am giving this three stars because it is a very fine story.  I am taking two stars away because of the lack of respect the publishing company ((I hope the author had nothing to do with this) has for its customers, i.e. those of us who pay for their living.  Now keep in mind...if you have not read `Death of a Glutton," then by all means read this new title...it is a wonderful book and a great read.  On the other hand, if you have read it, then beware!  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4970 This puzzle is simply a fun one (it can be challenging) for anyone but will be of special interest to dog lovers.  In small letters each dog breed is identified along with the country of origin.  The artist has done a very good job in representing each breed featured here.  We enjoy White Mountain puzzles and have found they are a quality product made right here in the U.S.  This puzzle is not the best choice for beginners and my wife and I both agree that on a scale of 1  10 as to difficulty, this one would rate about a 7.  There were no missing pieces and all the cuts were precise.  We work for a couple of hours each day as we listen to books on CDs and have been doing this for years and years...actually did our first puzzle together in 1962.  Since we do not save our puzzles after completion we always donate them to long term care facilities in our area or the local library where there is a great need for such.  This one though would be a keeper if we were so inclined to have any of our completions mounted.  This was purchased at a local hobby story and if you have Prime you will find the price here on Amazon quite competitive.
4971 I bought a box of these things about eight months ago and paid about three dollars more for them here at a local office supply store...bummer...I wish I had check here first.  These are nice little pencils.  I have them lying around the house and always carry four or five of them in my pocket to give to the kids at school when they forget their pencil...which is most of the time.  One of my dogs has a "thing" for pencils and will seek them out, steal them and chew them to shreds.  I also loose a great many of them.  I seem to be getting worse about loosing things and pencils and socks led the list of missing items.  I go through a lot of pencils for what ever reason.  I use to replace them by "borrowing" them from the church pews where we attend, and borrowing them from the two golf courses we play.  My wife made me stop this practice. She said it was silly, childish, wrong and embarrassing...go figure.  Anyway, I am buying my own now and at this price I am not in too much pain.  I am actually thinking of ordering another box and giving them to the church...well, maybe I should buy two boxes as I hit them pretty heavy over the past several years.  The golf course can worry about absorbing the cost themselves...hey they just increased membership dues...wonder why?  Nice pencil and does what you pay it to do.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4972 I gave this one four stars, but probably three and one half would be better.  This small volume is okay per se, but leaves much to be desired.  I found the book to be a good supplemental to others, and that was about it.  I do fear that the new grower or want to be grower or collector my be mislead, in that times, the author makes the growing and keeping of orchids sound a little too simple.  I have found that growing is certainly not as difficult as some would think (keeping in mind that I am a mere hobbyest), it ism how ever, in reality not all that simple either.  I have picked up some good tips from this small volumes, but have found the several dozen other books I have collected on orchids to be quite more necessary that just this one volume.  On the other hand, the price of this book (used) is certainly right, and it never hurts to peek at as many works as possible...there is always some useful information lurking here and there.
4973 I must begin by stating that the world Mr. Achincloss writes of is as alien and as far removed from my world as a world created by a SiFi writer.  It is far removed from my world culturely, geographically and philosophically.  That is okay though.  This little book is a true pearl.  Each chapter is a wonderfully crafted sketch of various members of an elite New York family, starting just before the Civil War.  Mr Auchincloss certainly has a wonderful command of the language and is certainly a true story teller.  This is one of those books that you can read sentence by sentence, paragraph by paragraph and relish each and every one, almost as a separate entity.  I found the writing style easy on the eye and mind and the entire flow of the book was true to itself from beginning to end.  A wonderful read and I highly recommend.  You probably will want to purchase this one as it deserves more than one read.
4974 THIS ONE IS OVER 50 NOW AND STILL AN ABSOLUTE DELIGHT AND USEFUL TOO., September 14, 2010  This review is from: Dr. Seuss's ABC / Beginner Books (Hardcover) This review is addressing the original version of this book. Readers should take note that there have been several versions printed throughout the years; some good, some not so good. If at all possible, stick with this original.  I am very fond of alphabet books, something I have sort of collected over the years. I am also extremely fond of Dr. Seuss, so I suppose that in my case I simply could not go wrong with this one. My wife and I also used this particular work to work with both of our children when they were learning to read and learning their alphabet, and it was one of their favorites.  Seuss of course uses many of his strange and wonderful characters throughout the entire work and of course he uses some of his rather off-beat words and syntax also. I really would advise that an adult read this one with the younger child as some of the words, and indeed, illustrations may take some explaining.  "Willy Waterloo washes Warren Wiggins who is washing Waldo Woo."  "O is very useful. You use it when you say: `Oscar's only ostrich oiled an orange owl today."  These are but two example of how Dr. Seuss has use letters and both, as are all the letters, are accompanied by delightfully typical Seuss illustrations.  This work is approximately 50 years old as of this writing and I must say that it suffers not one bit from age. It is as valid and exciting now as it was way back then.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4975 This is actually a pretty neat little book.  This is actually one of those books that may not be to the liking of the adult reader, but it most certainly is to the liking of the wee ones.  When you think about it, that is why the book was written and that is to whom the book was targeted.  A farmer is sleeping.  "When the sun came over the hill, the rooster crowed, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!"  "Ten more minutes," said the farmer.  The book then progresses through all the barnyard animals calling for the farmer to awaken.  The farmer's wife even gets into the act.  With each calling the farmer begs for just a few more minutes.  This is an easy read ideal for the preschooler.  There are a plethora of farm animal sounds which kids seem to delight in.  The art work, while simple, is colorful and quite eye catching.  I personally like it.  This is a nice and fast little read that children enjoy.  While no great life lessons are taught, it is still a very nice and fun read.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4976 What an excellent set of tongs this one is.  I was recently introduced to silicone tipped tongs via a gift from a relative and I must tell you that I am a ardent fan now.  This particular set of tongs is extremely well built, versatile, handy to use and is one of the most attractive I have seen or used.  These tongs are ideal for general use in the kitchen.  The silicone tips allow you to grasp what ever it is you are cooking without as much danger of tearing or ripping as you have when you use a metal tipped set.  These are more like using your own hand and fingers to get the job done...without burning yourself of course.  These tongs are made for temperatures up to 446F and as another reviewer has already pointed out, the temperature of an open flame on a grill will go quite a bit higher than this so I would not recommend you use these things on an open flame grill.  I really like and need a longer handle on my tongs for grill work anyway so this was no big deal for me.  These tongs are completely dishwasher safe or if you choose to wash them by hand; something I often do, you will be delighted as to how easy they are to clean.  They have a non-stick surface and a swish, swish and wipe are about all they need.  They have a nice little eyelet on the back end for hanging which gives you more options for storing.  All in all I have absolutely no complaints as to this very functional and attractive set of tongs.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4977 I admit to being a Carl Hiaasen fan and have yet to be disappointed with any of his work.  This book, `Nature Girl,' is no exception.  It is a strange tale filled with stranger characters that goes this way and that way with no apparent permanent direction until the author pulls it all together in the end.  Now the trip to the end of the book is simply funny.  The unlikely plot and subplots are funny.  The characters (even the `bad  guys') are funny and the action, which could almost be categorized as slap-stick at times, is funny.  I found myself chuckling and smiling throughout the entire book. Hiaasen has a quirky sense of humor and his view of the general human condition is most certainly different.  Like many of his characters, I can relate to it.  The action takes place in Florida - deep in S. Florida, and the author has done a very nice bit of descriptive writing per usual.  As odd as his characters are in this work I could identify with most of them because I know folks in real life who are not far from the oddities the author produces.  Honey, our primary female character is an absolute gem and even though you might say she is bi-polar in nature, she is a fine human being...just looks at life just a bit differently than most people.  I cannot say if this is the author's best or worse work or even if it is somewhere in the middle.  I enjoyed it, found it an entertaining read and will most certainly seek out more works by this author.  Again...I have not read a bad one yet.  This was a library find.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4978 This is a wonderful collection of love poems.  Some, by todays standards, are truely "sappy."  For me, this is truely the great charm of these works.  If you are into such work, then I highly recommend you add this one to your collection.  This particular collection has been around since 1883 and once read, the reader will quite well be able to see why.  Somethings never fade..James Whitcomb Riley's work is one of those things.  Read it and enjoy.
4979 These two spatulas are a true pleasure to use.  The design makes them quite easy to grasp and they feel comfortable in the hand.  The working end of the spatulas are stiff enough to get the most difficult job done yet due to the silicone they are made of you have no worry about scratching your pan or mixing bowel.  These of course are dishwasher safe and rinse off quite well making clean up a snap.  The two sizes here are adequate for most jobs in the kitchen.  The steel core in these implements give them an extra  `comfortable' heft and they do not have that flimsy feel that many like products have.  Being rust and corrosion free should make these things last a long, long time.  These are attractive, store well in either a drawer or the holes in the end allow them to be hung from hooks.  We personally store these on the back wall of our baking center where they are quite handy when needed.  The price here is quite good and quite competitive and shipping was great.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4980 What a delightful read.  Character developement is excellent and the story line is smooth.  Simple is not always the best, but in this case it works.  I found myself actually caring about the character's.  I seldom, very seldom, read mystries of any sort, but my wife pushed this one off one me, I read it to make her happy and I must say she did me a favor.  Actually, some of our other younger authors could take some lessons with this one.  Highly recommend this read.  I think I will go out and get the author's other books now.  Thank you Ms Macpherson.
4981 This is a good one and I highly recommend it.  The author's style and syntax is wonderful and makes for an easy read.  The book is extremely informative.  I have delt in this area for years, i.e. orchids, and know for a fact, if anything, the author has down played the infighting, the horrible and insave government regulations, et al.  Wheather or not you are into orchids, or even plants, this is an interesting read, very entertaining.  This is one you should add to your collection.  Thank you Mr Hansen!
4982 Winsor & Newton's are good brushes.  I use them for both oil and acrylic.  I do NOT use the same brush though for both.  These are hardy brushes which feel good in the hand.  They hold paint quite well if prepped properly.  The balance and feel in the hand (heavier than they look) is very nice and gives you that added control.  The hog bristle has indeed been hand dressed and it shows.  It should also be noted that I have never had a problem with bristle loss with one of these brushes.  Also noted is the fact that if you take care of these things, they last a long, long time and you most certainly get your monies worth.  BUYERS TAKE NOTE:  Before you order, note that this purchase is for ONE brush, not a set of brushes as pictured...be sure you read the product description very carefully so that you will not be disappointed.  I buy these brushes at several local art stores and the price listed here is quite competitive.  Hey, these are not the ultimate brush in the world, but they are darn good.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4983 I am often amazed that this wonderful classic is so often overlooked.  The author's style and syntax is pure Victorian, through and through with wonderfully convoluted sentences, and indeed, paragraphs.  This work, which takes place during the mid 1800s, circa 1840, is the story of a young man in a English Public School (which, unlike in the U.S. is actually a private school to which only the elite can afford to attend) and his adventures at this school.  This of course is a boarding school.  While not absolute, this work is obviously autobiographical in nature.  When this work is read, the reader must keep in mind when it was written, the society in which it was written and most importantly, the attitude of the society in which it was written.  I was first introduced to this work well over forty years ago and have given it several reads since that time.  I strongly suspect that many young readers of today may find the syntax difficult at first, but if they press on, there is so much to learn from this book.  As another reviewer well pointed out, some of the events addressed here are not what you would call "politically correct" by our standards to day in this country, but then we must remember when and where it was written.  Any student of the history of literature or a student of our language will most likely be fascinated with this work.  I highly recommend.
4984 My wife and I do a lot of puzzles.  We have for years - like as in over 60.  We are extremely careful when we put together a puzzle.  The area and the special table we have to work on makes it almost impossible to loose a piece.  No kids around, no cats climbing on the table, no dogs jumping up (they are well behaved), and we meticulously check the floor and surrounding areas each time we work on these things.  Alas, I fear to tell you that we discovered upon completion, that this one had several pieces gone missing.  These were not random pieces but rather relatively large sections....as in 6 and 7 piece chunks.  This is not acceptable.  Now this has happened to us only twice in the past.  Each time it has happened we have found that the puzzle had been manufactured in China.  We work American, German, Swiss and puzzles made in Mexico...no problems.  Now I have absolutely nothing against the good people of China mind you, but I fear there may be a quality control issue.  Each of these worthless puzzles has been made and distributed by different companies with the only thing in common was the country in which they were made.  It should also be noted that both of us have rather amazing eye sight and we are both "detail" people.  It should be noted that this WAS NOT an Amazon purchase...it was a gift and I am not at all sure where our daughter picked it up...it was new though and had never been opened.  On the other and, the picture on this one is pretty.  Don Blankenship The Ozarks
4985 Ordered this for my grandson who was required to purchase it for a course he was taking in collage.  Like others, we found this had NO CDs with it which made the entire thing more or less worthless.
4986 A novel filled with wonderful prose, great character developement and one of the first novels I have read in a long time in which I was actually satisfied with the ending.  The story is a story of choices and well drives home the fact that our lives are completely made via a series of choices with a slight bit of chance thrown in.  This is a very touching story of the holocaust, or one that at least has the holocaust as a background. This is not my usual cup of tea, but I did enjoy this work and was certainly touched by it. I would very much recommend you add this one to your collection.
4987 This small volume is quite good but the buyer needs to understand that the book is just what the title says it is "Translucent Techniques for Landscape Painters."  This is not a step by step painting book for beginners.  It's focus is on one aspect of the use of acrylics.  Recommend.
4988 This is the second part of the Anges Brown trilogy and as a general rule, the second offering is often times not as good as the first.  In this case though, that does not hold true.  The author follows his delightful characters, their ups, their downs, and skillfully blends relationships into a wonderful story of a family.  As with the first book in this servies, I could hardly put it down.  The author's humor and insight to human nature are truely a gift, one which I am glad he is sharing with us.  These books have been out long enough now and have been successful enough to attract those few distractors who seem to take delight in casting stones at other peoples sucess.  Pay them no heed.  This is a delightful read, one you don't want to miss.  Recommend this one highly.
4989 I was truely impressed with this offering.  This is a wonderful little book about just what the title indicates "Dragonology."  The entire book is producted in a sort of medieval mode, with wonderful illustrations.  The books if filled with maps, puzzels, drawings, anatomy lessons (dragons of course), life styles (again, dragons) types, habits, origins, lore and even riddles.  The work is quite a combination of originality and pure imagination from the author.  This is one of those books that might first appear to be classified as juvinal, but it is so much more.  The art work alone is worth the price of the book.  The text is imaginative yet quite realistic in it's presentation.  As I said, I was truely impressed with this one and highly recommend it.  This would make a wonderful gift for any lover of dragons, dragon lore or for that matter just a fun read.
4990 Hank must go on a life threatening mission to save a sick child in a "blinded" blizzard, has run ins with the to local cannibals, Rick and Snort, becomes preoccupied with the love of his life, Miss Beulah, write a poem about fleas, aggravates Slim to no end, is saved by (once again) by Madame Moonshine, the resident burrowing owl and well of course messes up just about everything he comes into contact with...almost!  There were at least four scenes in this one that actually had me laughing out loud. Hank is...well, at his best at being Hank which means non-stop action and absolute confusion. Of course Drover, my favorite character, has his part to play as does an uncontrollable mouse living in Slim's shack.  This one is Hank at his best.  This was a library find.
4991 This is a wonderfully told story concerning being a bully.  The art work is absolutely the best and is quite eye catching.  I have found this book quite useful is talking to children about being a bully and being bullied.  The author is qutie on the mark, and while showing a dry humor, certainly gets the seriousness of the situation across in a very good lesson.  The detailed illustrations would all be able to stand a lone a works of art.  I could recommend this one for primary school counsellors and parents who may have a child with this particular problem.  Recommend this one highly.
4992 While I may not be the fan of Joseph Wambaughs novels as my wife is (she has all his novels in our library), I do like reading on of his offerings from time to time.  This one dates back to around 1981 which the reader must keep in mind when reading any police procedurals due to the fact of quick changing technology and science  it was different way back then folks.  I particularly enjoyed this one since it is a bit of a departure style wise from the authors normal writing style and you sort of get the impression you are reading a police documentary as well as a police procedural.  The setting of course is Hollywood  normal for Wambaugh, and I have to tell you that his humor holds quite well in this one.  But of course there is the tragic and sadness which are standard for his novels.  Humor and powerful drama have become this authors trademark.  This one is well written and while a rather fast read it will most certainly hold the interest of a reader who enjoys this genre and particular the interest of Wambaugh fans.  This book is from our personal collection.
4993 "Simplicity at first glance" is the first phrase that comes to mind when reading this wonderful collection of 82 poems.  And that is just what you get, bare bone feelings and observations of the little (and some not so little) things that make up our lives.  This poet has the ability to take the ordinary and cast a glow to it that will stick with you.  From clear word pictures of the month of June, to the complexities of a love triangle, the author covers them all in clear, concise English.  With this small volume, we get poems of love, nature, living, not living, human interaction and whimsical musing.  The author does not, for the most part, give us complicated analogies and allegory that only he, and very few others, have the faintest idea as to what they allude to.  Rather, we have stark statements, and it is left up to us, the reader,  to use his words as we see fit.  I will say that many of the poems here should be read several times.  I have read this particular collection several times and with each reading, I find something new that I did not seem to notice before.  This is a volume which is nice to have by your reading chair or bed, and be able to pick up now and then and muse over one or two of his offerings.  What a fresh way the author has of looking at the little things that make up all of our lives!  Recommend this work very highly.  I doubt that you will be sorry you added this one to your collection.
4994 I am much like another reviewer here (Nelson).  I do not really care all that much for the froggy books myself, this one included.  BUT...the kids all love them!  I have yet to find one young child that did not what this and the other Froggy Book read to them over and over and over again.  This, as the other reviewer pointed out, is what counts.  I must say though that I found this particular book rather good in helping children understand the process of going to the doctor.  Most of them do fear it, just like Froggy, and this work points out the fact that most of these fears are rather unnecessary.  I like that.  Recommend this one.
4995 This is quite an impressive work actually.  The illustrations are very well executed and do catch the eye.  They perfectly fit the story as it is being told.  I liked the style.  The narrative is quite to the point.  I was impressed by this work as it pointed out certain flaws in Bowie's character and actions, as well as his many, many fine points and his contribution to our history.  I like honest history and do not feel we can start teaching it too early.  I use this book during our "read out loud" periods at the various school at which I teach.  The story never fails to start a good discussion and brings on many questions, something I love.  Overall, recommend this one highly.
4996 I am giving this one (in my opinion) a well deserved five stars.  Now I have to be honest with you and admit that of the many LAmour books I have read  and most of the Sackett books, I have yet to read one that I did not like so I fully admit that I am a bit biased when it comes to this author.  It would, I should think, be difficult for a LAmour fan not to like this offering.  We have two of the Sackett brothers leaving Tennessee and moving west to find their fortunes (Land in this case) and a home for their families.  As with all books by this author the description of the country passed through was beautifully written and extremely detailed.  I have often thought that this is one of the strongest skills of this American story telling author.  There are plenty of gunfights with all sorts of bad fellows in this one and the action is almost constant.  It also addresses that time period when there was much land-grabbing by some very ruthless me in connection with the old Spanish Land Grants  a problem that is many ways is still with us to this very day.  This is an excellent and well written action adventure book with the added advantage of some very good descriptive writing.  This is one of the several books that is almost a must read for LAmour fans in general and Sackett fans in particular.  I note that there is some complaint there that the Kindle version of this book is in Spanish.  I don't know about that.  This was a paper back I read and was a library find
4997 I have to tell you that I am fascinated with the simplicity and concept of this rather unique little book.  Other than naming the cave children on the first four pages; Alk, HaHa, Lala and Zee, the rest of the text contains only one two syllable word...i.e. water.  Now this is a book that should be read with the wee ones in order to benefit from the full effect.  It shows the evolution of forming a word...a name for an everyday but important element in life.  The book is well illustrated and gives the adult reader plenty of opportunities add to the story and opens up good opportunities for discussion.  The adult reader can then use some other examples of simply words (using paper and pen) and their development with the child...the opportunities to learn here are endless.  Now there is no traditional plot to this story...no, the plot is subtle in that it is a combination of the word and the illustration.  It tells the tale, which is a plot within itself, of the development of a single word and a single word can and will expand as needed.  A very nice and unique idea.  I do like this little book
4998 Ive read quite a number of books and as a matter of fact own quite a number of them covering the period of reconstruction and the immediate aftermath.  Of all the books I have read, even though some go into minute detail, this one is the most comprehensive and most easily read of the bunch.  This Oxford series is a wonderful thing and all should be on the shelves of anyone interested in history.  This book is no exception.  While this book may appear to be quite lengthy and at about 1,000 pages it is indeed a mammoth thing, it most certainly does not read like a typical history book.  You cannot really classify this one as popular history as it has quite an academic bent to it but it reads smooth.  The book is well footnoted and the pictures are quite a nice addition.  It was interesting to me that as our nation gradually worked into what we now refer to as the Gilded Age, that there are so many parallels as to what is happening to our country this day.  This is NOT a political book by any means but for those of you who love and are interested in history the fact that we may not be going in the right direction (depending upon how you view things) becomes quite apparent quite quickly.  That though is something each must evaluate for themselves.  All in all this was an excellent read and a great addition to a wonderful series.
4999 I would recommend you read this book, place it back on the shelf, and then read it again in two weeks.  Read if first for the simple joy.  Read it again and think of it's powerful message.  If you love syntax, if you love powerful prose, if you love a haunting story...this book is the one.  I borrowed the book from our library..I plan now to buy it and add it to my little collection, the collection I read over and over again.  If this is a sample of what the author is capable of, I do hope we get more soon.  Thank you so much Ms Otsuka!
